This is a transcribed copy of "Ghostf**kers". Feel free to edit or add to this page, as long as the information comes directly from the episode

[The episode begins with Millie being her typical joyful self, humming to herself carrying cups of coffee and a Frappuccino to her office at I.M.P Headquarters. She exits out of the elevator and greets the demons that are inside, including some of Verosika's crew.]
Millie: (to Josh and Milky) Howdy, Mister! (to Kiki) Fine mornin'!
[Millie kicks the door open.]
Millie: Another day in paradise!
[Upon entering, Millie realizes that her office looks like a complete mess. There are boxes open, some unopened, a cactus, and Loona looking tired and miserable, sleep-deprived while holding a stuffed owl over a fire barrel. Loona hears the door open, but doesn't open her eyes, and responds to Millie while she throws the owl into the fire bin.]
Loona: Oh shit, it's morning.
[Millie closes the door.]
Millie: Uh, yeah. Have you been here all night? And what are you doing?
[Loona takes the tray holding the caffeinated drinks without caring because she's completely tired from lack of sleep.]
Loona: Blitzo bought two hundred taxidermy owls, then said I couldn't go home until I burned (whispering in stress) all of them.
[Loona downs all the drinks at once, dumping them into her mouth without caring for the cups and throws the tray away. There's a knock on the door immediately afterward, and Millie opens it, revealing Wally Wackford, now a taxidermy delivery service demon, with more boxes of taxidermy owls.]
Wally: Hey! I got an order here for a hundred more waaacky owls!
[Wally hands Loona over the clipboard with papers to sign the delivery, much to her distress because that means she's going have to burn more taxidermy owls.]
Loona: (tired and distressed) Fuuuuuuck.
Wally: Hey, I haven't seen you guys in a while, heh! Do you like wanna hang out some-
[Millie slams the door right in Wally's face.]
Wally: (From behind the door) Okay! That answers that, I say, I say.
[Millie takes the clipboard to check the papers and see how much Blitzo ordered.]
Millie: Blitzo is still sulking? (throws the clipboard away) It's been over a month. And where is Moxxie? He didn't come home last night.
[To answer her question, she hears Moxxie screeching from the other office room. Millie barges right in, knocking over the boxes to see who she can get feral on for attacking her husband until she clams down when she sees Moxxie rambling through the papers.]
Millie: Honey...? You okaaay?
[The scene shows Moxxie in a complete frenzy because the table and floor are littered with stacks of papers and boxes. The board above the table has many papers that show various notices like "Paid overdue", "Unpaid" and "Final Notice", revealing that I.M.P is about to go bankrupt due to Blitzo's reckless overspending.]
Moxxie: I'm stuck in a math nightmare!!
[Moxxie is having a panic attack and is hyperventilating hard as he picks up the papers to recheck his work.]
Moxxie: The numbers, the numbers, I can't make them add up! We're FUCKED!
[Moxxie is so stressed that he crawls over and cries. Millie comes over to calm him down.]
Millie: Come on, baby. It can't be that bad.
Moxxie: He drained our pension, and used it to buy THESE!
[Moxxie grabs one of the boxes and opens it to reveal not taxidermy owls, but stacks of collectible dinner plates imprinted with a real-life horse.]
Millie: Damn. I've never seen him in such bad shape.
Moxxie: Bad? Bad?! This isn't bad! This is just a (knocks down stacks of paper next to him) FINANCIAL APOCALYPSE!
Millie: I usually just give him space to work his shit out, but... you think I should talk to him?
[Moxxie does not answer because he's still in panic attack mode, rambling over the financial crisis they are in. He gets off the table and looks at one of the papers, crying in sorrow.]
Moxxie: We're gonna get audited, we're gonna be evicted, we're going BANKRUPT! Our lives are over Millie, all my hard work gone in a flash! Ohhh I should've been a theater critic, I have objectively correct opinions.
[Millie leaves Moxxie over so he can get over his panic attack and moves around the boxes to check on Blitzo while Moxxie is mumbling over, ignoring his wife. While she looks around the boxes, she hears Blitzo calling to Loona over Moxxie's mumbling.]
Blitzo: Loona, I need my piss bucket NOW!
Moxxie: [Muffled] We- we're gonna default. We're gonna default. And you know what, it's not my fault that we're gonna default. IT'S HIS FAULT!
[The scene switches to Blitzo, looking even more miserable than Loona, as he's laying on blankets and large pillows, stuffing himself with processed cheese spread and a box of ice cream. From a different point of view, he would look obese. He eats his ice cream and cheese spread while watching a porn movie series called "Ghostfuckers" starring Bethany Ghostfucker. She navigates around a spooky room with more sexual gestures.]
Bethany: Oh, ooh, okay. I am getting a real sexy energy from this room! Oh, there is definitely a fuckable spirit here.
Blitzo: Yeah, get that spooky ghoul cock, bitch.
Millie: Blitzo?
[Blitzo overhears Millie calling to him, and the scene switches to reveal his door has chains bolting the door shut and a paper saying "FUK OF" taped to it.]
Blitzo: Go away!
Millie: I'm comin' in.
Blitzo: Read the chains!
[Unfortunately, the door is a pull, and Millie opens the door without any difficulties, but irritation is written all over her face. As she turns the TV off, Blitzo's annoyed face is shown in the television's reflection.]
Millie: Blitzo, what are you doing? You've been in here watching this Earth trash forever.
Blitzo: I'M COPING!
Millie: Yeaaah well...You've "coped" away every dollar we had.
[Millie sits at the blankets next to Blitzo who is playing with his spoon and flicks it until the spoon stabs one of the boxes while explaining his reasoning.]
Blitzo: Those plates are collectables, Millie. I'm gonna sell 'em next year for three times as much and then I'll have something to show for it when the things I care about vanish.
Millie: Mmmkay. You know, my mama always said, the best way to deal with being sad...is the sweat and blood of hard work. Washes the tears right off.
[While Millie was talking, Blitzo gets the remote with his feet before using his tail to turn the TV back on.]
Blitzo: I don't need any of your "folksy-doksy" fucking country wisdom, Millie. I need to watch the Ghost Fuckers get dicked down by a disembodied spirit and eat my feelings til I die from a heart attack or diabetes, whichever pops my heart open first.
[Blitzo fills his ice cream box with an entire can of processed cheese spread and then stuffs it into his face to suck in the entire ice cream from the box before eating it whole.]
Millie: I don't get it, Blitzo. All this over a breakup?
Blitzo: IT WAS NOT A BREAKUP! You need a relationship for one of those and we never had that. And we never will.
Millie: Ohhh, Blitzo.
[Before Millie talks any more to get Blitzo over with his not-breakup with Stolas, the phone rings from the reception room, and Blitzo answers it.]
Blitzo: What?!
[Loona, still tired and miserable, is at the reception desk.]
Loona: We have a client.
Blitzo: Tell them to FUCK OFF!
[Just as Blitzo is about to end the call, Millie quickly calls back to the reception desk, telling Loona not to.]
Millie: Don't! I'll be right there.
[Millie exits out of Blitzo's office to come across Loona, still tired and miserable, listening to the most boring conversation with the Sinner Demon, a client named Rita, who was ranting on and on about how she was killed and being sent to Hell for something bad.]
Rita: You know, my psychic told me I'd be going somewhere bad on Wednesday. I just thought she meant Baltimore, I didn't think it was... (slams the box) HELL!
[Loona did not listen fully, and nods only to pretend she understands.]
Loona: Mhm, mhm, interesting.
[Loona notices Millie and grabs her to bring her in front of the client so she wouldn't have to deal with any more nonsense from Rita, much to Millie's anger. Millie turns to the client.]
Loona: Oh look! Someone whose job it is to listen to you.
Millie: What's going on?
Rita: Okayyy! From the top. I went for my usual tarot reading last week, and-
Loona: No, no. Fast forward to who killed you.
Rita: Ohhh, m'okay. Yesterday I was killed by the evil ghost haunting a spooky hotel.
[Millie and Loona look incredulous when the client claims to be killed by a evil ghost. They are confused because they know that there are no such things as ghosts since they're all demons, and if a human soul dies on Earth, they either go to Hell as Demons or Heaven as Angels.]
Millie: Um. Ma'am. I don't know how to tell you this, but when humans die they either end up here...or up there.
Rita: Ohhhh, okay. (inclined her head) I don't understand.
Loona: She's saying ghosts aren't real, lady!
[A red alert light breaks through Blitzo's door windows, indicating that Blitzo heard everything from the office. Then, Blitzo smashes down the door going through to see if the client was telling the truth about being killed by a ghost, visibly enthusiastic.]
Blitzo: Ghost!? I heard ghost. Where's the ghost I can fuck- er, hunt?
Millie: Blitzo, calm down! Someone killed this lady but it wasn't-
[Blitzo does not want to hear any objections and gets right into her face.]
Blitzo: Millie! Let me have this.
Millie: But-
[Blitzo really wants to "hunt" the ghost so much he pulls out his freebie card that said, "Uncondituinal Support", which reveals that whenever Millie and/or Moxxie choose to support him they punch a hole in it. After 6 punches he leaves them alone for one date. Knowing that Blitzo needs to get over with his not-breakup, Millie takes a deep breath and sigh. She takes the freebie card and punches a hole with her knife.]
[Blitzo takes the card back and comes over to the client, asking questions about her killer.]
Blitzo: Alright so tell me what it looked like, starting with its hotness and tightness. How many- how many abs would you say you witnessed?
[As Blitzo escorts the client out of the office, Millie is relieved Blitzo is back to his usual self, and turns to Loona, who is sleeping until her nose forms a bubble, and when the bubble pops, Loona is jolted awake.]
Millie: Well. At least he's out of his office!

[The scene cuts to outside of the headquarters with Millie bringing down a box full of stuff that said "Gost Fokrz! Shit", meaning that Blitzo is stocking up with random ghost catching gear and equipment to "hunt". As Millie sets the box down, Loona leans against the wall, looking concerned of how the job is going to play out.]
Loona: I don't know if this is a good idea.
Millie: He'll be fine. We'll check the place out, see what passes on Earth for creepy, and Blitzo will get all this out of his system. You just need to keep an eye on Moxxie, he's a little-
[To prove her point, the camera zips up to show Moxxie still in complete distress over the possibility of a bankruptcy which may also ruin his career and job. Moxxie was going bonkers to the point he smacks his head to the window, making it crack and ripped his shirt off.]
Moxxie: BANKRUPTCY, BANKRUPTCY, BANKRUPTCY!
[Millie cringes at the sight of Moxxie's panic attack.]
Millie: Upsetti.
Loona: I don't take orders from you, grandma.
[Millie looks despondent and almost like she's begging Loona to do it.]
Millie: Look, I can't keep both of them out of trouble at the same time. I need your help.
[Loona looks away, unsure.]
Millie: Please?
[Before Loona can respond, Blitzo drives the I.M.P van with its logo being replaced with a picture wallpaper dubbed them as "Ghost Fuckers" to come pick up Millie.]
Blitzo: Get in loser, we're going ghost fuckin'!
[Seeing how much Blitzo is going crazy with his not-breakup and his obsession to "hunt" the nonexistent ghost, Loona relents.]
Loona: Ugh. Fine. I'll watch the nerd. But you're the one cleaning off the van.
[Millie is glad Loona can watch over Moxxie until they come back and gets inside the van.]
Millie: Thanks... Loona.
Loona: Don't get used to it!
[Millie takes the front row seat and buckles up as Blitzo activates the Asmodean Crystal to open a portal to Earth at the place where their client was killed.]
Blitzo: Let's gape this hole wide open!
[Blitzo floors it to make a very quick entrance through the portal. The van's tires screech as the vehicle zooms right through the portal. Unfortunately, when the van zips in, a crash noise occurs on the other side. The camera slides over to the other side of the portal where the distance between the van and the destination was very short, and the Imps crashed into a gravestone with a skeleton being lodged between the broken hood and the stone.]
Blitzo: (weakly) We're here.
[Millie gets out after the unfortunate crash and Blitzo looks around to see if they're in the right location.]
Blitzo: Huh, interesting. Aren't we supposed to be at a haunted hotel?
[Blitzo turns around and sees the most Halloween dramatic scene of the One Star Wonder, a creepy old hotel in the graveyard with lightning striking in the scene. Spooky music plays off. The hotel looks like it's been haunted with something paranormal, covered with broken windows and cobwebs.]
Blitzo: (chuckles excitedly and rubs hands together) Oh-ho, yeah, this place is gonna be ripe with fuckable spirits.
[Blitzo opens his broken van door and checks on the box to get the equipment he'll need to "hunt" for the nonexistent ghost while Millie looks concerned over his erratic behavior.]
Blitzo: I gotta get a reading.
Millie: Blitzo, look. I know this is fun and all but, come back to reality. You do know ghosts aren't real, right?
Blitzo: (flashing a light to his face) But they are.
[Blitzo gets back to looking through his stuff, which makes Millie more agitated to borderline angry, causing her to smack her palm to her face.]
Millie: Oh my fucking Satan.
[Blitzo gets the gear he needs; a "Ghostfucker" dildo that was supposed to "detect" the ghost, and a vacuum, which is actually a vacuum and not a real ghost capture machine. Millie looked confused.]
Millie: What is that?
Blitzo: You like it? It's Bethany Ghost-Fucker's Ghost Sucker 9000. Sure to get you a ghost after a ghost gets you...off. Only set me back a couple thousand!
[Millie is outraged that not only did Blitzo spend the work's pension for his taxidermy owls and collectible horse plates, but he also bought the Ghostfuckers merchandises that costs another thousand, leaving them closer to bankruptcy.]
Millie: A couple what?!
[Pissed, Millie picks up a bone and throws it at Blitzo for his careless spending.]
Millie: You haven't paid me in a month!
[Blitzo turns on the vacuum and sucks the bone in before it can hit him.]
Blitzo: Uh oh! Looks like it sucked *playfully sucks on Millie's cheek with the vacuum hose* all the fun outta you. Now hurry up and put this on, those ghosts aren't gonna fuck themselves.
[As Blitzo walks away in excitement, Millie is getting more riled up with Blitzo's shenanigans to the point that she wants to take a knife and stab him hard. She takes another deep breath and exhales to calm herself because Blitzo needs to "hunt" ghosts to get his spirits back up.]
Millie: He needs this. He needs this. (strained) He needs this.
[Millie keeps her nerves and follows Blitzo. Upon entering the hotel, lightning strikes behind the Imps who are now in disguises. Blitzo turns on the dildo to "detect" any ghosts, until it comes in contact with the hotel manager, Rolando.]
Rolando: Welcome to the One Star Wonder, where it's a wonder we still have that star. (tilts head) How may I help you today?
Blitzo: (in a valley accent) We're filming a very special episode of my hit show and we're gonna need access to every room in this dump.
Rolando: (grabs Blitzo's info card) Christ, you Hollywood assholes are pushy little pricks. (adjust glasses and examines the card) I can't just give you keys to every ba-
[Rolando lowers the card and sees Blitzo matching the poorly drawn face on the card.]
Rolando: Well snap me in half! You're Bethany Ghost-Fucker from that one show...
Blitzo: It's called Ghost Fuckers, idiot.
Rolando: No, but you're getting close. Anyway, I am glad to see you folks. We've been having more...disturbances than usual lately.
Blitzo: What kind? Se- sexy disturbances?
Rolando: (slams 3 crime scene photos on the desk) The kind that are killing my guests!
[In the crime scene photos, there are three people who were murdered: one was being levitated, one was bisected with its guts spilled out, and the third was decapitated.]
Millie: Well there definitely ain't no such thing as ghosts. But we'll get to the bottom of what's killing your guests.
Blitzo: (in a valley accent) Uh yeah, except ghosts are real, camera man.
Millie: (strained) They're a conspiracy, Bethany.
Blitzo: (in a valley accent and raised his butt in the air) Uh, then what do I plan on fucking tonight, camera man?
[The lights in the building start to flicker spookily, which frightened Blitzo.]
Blitzo: Ah! Where's my lube?
[Rolando face-palms himself over their idiocy, and gets to the point.]
Rolando: Look, real or not, this shit needs to stop.
Blitzo: (in a valley accent) Uh, then we'll need those keys, cocksucker. Every last one of them, keys and condoms, hand 'em over.
[Rolando digs through his draws and picks out the keys to every room in the hotel and a bunch of condoms. He gives them to Blitzo.]
Rolando: Oh, I just can't tell you how glad I'll be to be rid of them. Just do me a flavor and clean up any fluids left behind. (swipes off some condoms on his desk) They already killed my last cleaning lady, now I'm stuck with this.
[Rolando gestures to someone behind the counter, and Blitzo and Millie peeks over to check. Turns out, there is a hunchback bellhop man with deformed eyes and drooling named Toledo the Igor behind the counter. Blitzo and Millie grimaced at the sight of his disgusting form.]
Blitzo and Millie: Eugh...
[Toledo tries to speak with drool spreading everywhere.]
Toledo: Buh- buh- bitch- bitch!
Rolando: Poor thing can't even blink.
Blitzo: (in a valley accent) No promises! Heh. Come along Mil...ton.

[The scene cuts to the hallways with Blitzo and Millie investigating the rooms for any signs of ghost. As they get past a painting portrait of Rolando, its eyes move to follow their movement like a Scooby-Doo scene. Millie is concerned that Blitzo is just using the job as an excuse to hide his emotions from his not-breakup, walking past a ringing phone with its cords cut off.]
Millie: Blitzo, we have a job to do. (old telephone ringing) Someone killed that lady and it wasn't no phantom, so we should be tracking-
Blitzo: Woah! Mils, just 'cause you're a hick does not mean you can drop that f-bomb all willy nilly. (poking Millie with the dildo) They hate that word.
Millie: I- what? What "F"?
[Blitzo quickly placed his finger to shut her up.]
Blitzo: Sh-shh- sh, shut your bigot mouth, I'm gettin' a reading.
[Blitzo turns to the dildo device to a hotel room that he was sure there are ghosts he can "hunt". He takes out the keys and is about to unlock the door before Millie jumps in front of him to stop Blitzo from opening it.]
Millie: Hold on, there might be someone in there!
Blitzo: Yeah, you bet your ass there's someone in there! A ghost, about to get a mouthful of si... si... I don't know, SOMETHING SEXUAL!
[Blitzo does not want to hear any more objections from Millie and unlocks the door, kicking it wide open with the vacuum ready to snare the ghost inside.]
Blitzo: LOOK ALIVE, YOU UNDEAD COCK SLEEVE!
[Turns out, there are no ghosts, but an elderly couple in bed reading their books. Blitzo turns the vacuum to the couple and sucks in the blanket and the books, which makes the couple shriek in fear in their underwear.]
Blitzo: (in a valley accent) Prepare to get sucked off to the astral plane (gets on bed and flips them off) BITCH!
[The couple are so scared that the husband hugs his wife to comfort her.]
Husband: Oh my, Dolores!
[Millie walks right in and stops Blitzo.]
Millie: Damn it, Blitzo, they aren't ghosts! These are just shriveled humans! (turns to the husband) No offense.
[The husband takes that as an insult and gets off the bed with his fists ready to duke it out with the Imps. He brings his hands into a boxing form.]
Husband: Think you're pretty slick, huh? You looking for a fight? I'll give you a fight!
[Millie does not want to deal with an old man who couldn't even fight back and turns to Blitzo.]
Millie: (sighs) Let's leave these two-
[Before Millie can even finish her sentence, a fist came right into her face and punched her so hard that she flew back and crashes into the wall, making a hole of her figure behind.]
Millie: OOF!
[It turns out the feeble old man is not so weak and helpless as it seemed since he just cratered Millie into the wall. Blitzo was flabbergasted that the old man could deck Millie to a pulp with a single left hook. His eyes wide and mouth agape at the sight of the punch.]
Husband: I fuckin' beat the Nazis, and I'll beat you too, bitch!
[The husband notices Blitzo behind using his vacuum to "suck" him in evne though he isn't a ghost.]
Blitzo: Look out Millie, he's a patriot!
[Dolores points at him.]
Dolores: Get him Harold!
[Harold tries to make a left hook at Blitzo, but he dodges it and punched Harold back before he flees, crashing into the wall Millie went through, leaving a hole of his figure behind. Blitzo grabs Millie and they started running. Dolores comes out of the room.]
Dolores: Get back here you red, little shit! Get back here! (grabs her walking cane and starts running after them) AHHHHH!
[From there, a funky music called A Spooky Kind of Love starts playing. Delores was still searching for the demons through the hallway. As Dolores walks past a housekeeping cart, Blitzo and Millie peeks over to see if Delores is gone. When she is, Blitzo gives Millie a thumbs up to know it's all clear.]
Dolores: How dare you hurt my Hermie, I mean Humie I mean...fuck!
? I've got longing and desire, ?
Dolores: Why am I chasing you again, I don't know, but I'm fucking angry!
[The scene starts a music video montage of Blitzo and Millie were chased by not just the old couple, but by every guest they've bump into. Blitzo and Millie stumble upon a food court. Blitzo uses his vacuum to suck in a plate of spaghetti in front of a young couple while Millie records with a camera. After that, the young couple were pissed, and they started chasing the demons out of the cafeteria. They bump up to the next floor using a cart to get into more rooms. In a split-screen scene, Blitzo, in the upper screen, scans the room for more ghosts, and Millie, in the lower screen, peeks over with her camera to see, only to stumble upon a hot couple about to have anal sex before they notice her. Millie flees in embarrassment before the demons are spotted by a crowd of humans who want to hurt them. Blitzo notices them, and wants to get right at them before Millie pulls his shirt over and runs away.]
[In a background between the demons being chased by humans, a mirage scene shows various antics the demons did or went through: Blitzo was choking a human to death with a rope; Millie was looking around with her camera; Blitzo about to get his hair sucked by his vacuum; Millie gets smacked in the head with a walking cane; Blitzo using his dildo to shove it right into a man; Blitzo making a sexy Bethany wink, which attracts Toledo.]
[The scene switches to view a hall with six doors, three on either side. Blitzo and Millie running to the door at the middle left; Dolores runs to the door on the lower right. A hot couple and Dolores from the upper right to left, but Dolores stops when she spots Blitzo and Millie riding a cart from the middle left to right, and makes her run to the middle right. Blitzo and Millie runs from the lower left to the right with Blitzo laughing at the food couple. A bald man runs from the upper door. Blitzo was being chased by Toledo at the middle left to right. Strangely, just as Blitzo and Toledo enter, the food couple was being chased by Blitzo and his vacuum. Millie carries the food cart from upper. Dolores runs at the lower left to right. Millie pushes a cart carrying Dolores from lower right to left. The hot guy was being chased by Toledo. The hot woman was being carried by Blitzo from middle right to left. Millie was chased by the food couple and Dolores lower right to left. The cart pushes itself from upper right to left. A bald guy runs in the middle right to left. The scene ends with Blitzo and Millie bumping into each other from the middle row.]
[The humans emerged from the upper and lower doors surrounding the demons before they dogpile onto them, fighting in the cloud, but Millie and Blitzo evade them and runs to where the scene switches to the pool. The humans were chasing them to a dead end with an air duct ventilation. Blitzo knows he cannot fit into the vent if he still wears the vacuum, so he ditches it and throws the vacuum over to Dolores, knocking her down as the demons successfully escapes into the air vents.]
? My heart burns with forbidden fire ?
? for a spooky, ?
? a spooky kind of looove. ?
? Ooh la la ooh ? -
? Ooh la la ooh ? ? Nobody tries to understand it, ?
? But I can feel my soul demand it, ?
? a spooky, ?
? a spooky kind of looove. ?
? And I don't care, ?
? what they say about me. ?
? I don't care, ?
? I just gotta be free. ?
? To run, run, run, run, run. ?
? Free to run, run, run, run, run. ?
? Free to run, run, run, run, run. ?
? Free to run, run, run, run into the arms of ?
? a spooky, ?
? a spooky kind of looove. ?
? A spooky kind of love. ?
? A spooky kind of looove. ??
[After the montage, the imps continue their search for the ghosts. They crawl into the air vents, with Millie looking more angrier by the second, with Blitzo following right behind her.]
Blitzo: Wow, nice one, Mils.
[Blitzo checks the dildo for more signs of ghosts, which was clear that it's just a dildo that vibrates and doesn't even work.]
Blitzo: I think I found the problem though! The readings were coming from above us, so let's get up there and [bumps into Millie's butt when she stopped] oh, ass!
Millie: Enough!
[Blitzo nearly drops his dildo and looked at Millie.]
Blitzo: What?
[Millie comes clean and wants to end Blitzo's ghost hunting shenanigans.]
Millie: I'm done. I don't wanna play ghost hunter with you, and I-
Blitzo: Uh, It's ghost-fuckers.
[Before Blitzo could put back on the Bethany hat, Millie snaps. She grabs it to make him stop.]
Millie: I wasn't done! You know, I always love to have fun with you, and I ain't said boo to you moping around like a sad sack for weeks. But we have bills to pay.
[Millie shoves the hat back to Blitzo.]
Millie: So look, you can go be pathetic and play sex ghosts, if that's what you need to do, but I gotta get this job done!
[Millie is done with Blitzo and crawls to the left where the vents split into two directions. Blitzo, outraged by Millie abandoning him, faces to the right.]
Blitzo: Fine! Who needs you anyway!? (Puts the hat back on) (In a valley accent) Bethany Ghost-Fucker works ALONE!
[With that, Blitzo crawls to the right. A cockroach scurries around in the vents as Blitzo keeps climbing and crawling through the space.]
Blitzo: Yeah, who needs you anyway? Fucking ghost denying piece of shi-IIIT!
[Blitzo slips on what appears to be black ectoplasm. He looks at it in disgust.]
Blitzo: What the fuck is this?
[Blitzo notices that the vents have more ectoplasm goop oozing around him. Blitzo slips again, but he crawls through the slime. As he moves, Blitzo stops to hear something very disturbing. Like a true horror movie scene, Blitzo then notices that the vents were starting to feel upwards until he realize they are moving upwards. He grunts trying to get a good grip, but the slime was so slippery that it's making him slip even more.]
Blitzo: Ugh, uh, ahh! Oh shit. Shit, shit shit shit. Satan, Satan, Satan. Oh, FUCK!
[The vents become more vertical and Blitzo starts falling down in the vents. With his claws, he manages to hang on to the latches of the vents for sometime.]
Blitzo: Millie?!
[Blitzo gasps for air as the ectoplasm starts dripping on his face and his claws cannot hold on for much longer.]
Blitzo: Millie?! Millie I need help! I can't hold on, Millie!! Oh, oh fuck me, the hell is that?
[The slime makes him lose his grip, and Blitzo falls over, down into the vents. He screams as he falls down in the vents. From the hallway, Millie lifts up the vent door and Blitzo zips right out. He falls over, and realize that the slime was gone.]
[As Millie walks away, Blitzo sees her and is angry seeing her after calling her name so many times.]
Blitzo: Millie! Did you not hear me calling for help?
[When Millie continues to walk away, Blitzo gets up and follows her.]
Blitzo: M-M-Mills!
[He grabs her shoulder and turns her around, only to come face-to-face with Millie who doesn't have a face.]
Faceless Millie: (Distorted) You ALWAYS need help, Blitzo!
[As Blitzo is scared by the sight of faceless Millie, a hotel room pries itself open, and reveals another Millie, but this Millie has glass shards in her eye that would have been killed if she was hit by the glass bottle Ralphie had in "Murder Family".]
Murder Family Millie: Always needing to take from those around you-
[Then, more hotel rooms open, revealing all the Millie's if she had ever died; Millie with melted skin if she was caught in the fire that happened at Loo Loo Land during the episode of "Loo Loo Land"; Millie with purple skin if she was eaten by the Catfish Monster back in "Spring Broken"; Millie with golden arrows piercing her head, body, and arms if the C.H.E.R.U.B had successfully shot her with their angelic arrows in "C.H.E.R.U.B"; Millie with an injured right arm and a missing left leg if she was injured any further before being killed in "The Harvest Moon Festival". With each sentence, they come closer to Blitzo, surrounding him.]
Loo Loo Land and Spring Broken Millies: - and leaving them worse and more broken than you found them.
C.H.E.R.U.B. Millie: You think you can change?
All Millies: You'll never stop fucking people's lives up.
[The Millie Blitzo is holding looks up, revealing that she now has a face, but it's the Millie if she dies during the current job with her eyes bloodshot and leaking black ectoplasm goo.]
Ghostfuckers Millie: When was the last time you actually loved someone without hurting them?
[Frightened, Blitzo lets go and starts running away from the disfigured Millie hallucinations. He runs away as fast as he could, trying to get away and out of the hotel. When he turns to a corner, Blitzo is reverted to his teenage years. He is hyperventilating until Blitzo turns around and spots a tall demon with long hair at the bright light. It's silhouette was shadowy, but its eyes are glowing.]
Blitzo: MOM!
[Recognizing his mom, Blitzo runs toward her and hugs his mother, and she hugs him back. Blitzo cries in her dress.]
Blitzo: Momma..! I was having the worst dream.
[Blitzo sobs as his mother caress his face before hugging him. The scene becomes horrific as green flames starts to ignite from her body and then, a malevolent laughter echoes to Blitzo.]
Rolando: (Distorted) This isn't a dream, this is your life. And it always will be.
[Blitzo notices that the green flames are spreading, and the skull that once belonged to his mother falls into his hand. Much to his horror, Blitzo realizes that his mother is burning, but she is not screaming in agony. She still smiles down at Blitzo as the flames spread to her hair, and now, she is on fire. But she does not seem to feel any pain. Her body burns to a crisp as her left eyeball fell into Blitzo's hand. He screames desperately to save his mother as he holds onto her face until it is burns into a skull of what remains of his mother.]
Blitzo: NO! NO, NO, NO MOM I'M SORRY! MOM PLEASE I'M SORRY!
[The scene is revealed to be a hallucination as the skull button was on the floor and Blitzo was heard screaming in sorrow. Millie comes over after hearing his scream to check on him.]
Millie: Blitzo? Blitzo!
[Millie spots the skull ball on the floor and picks it up. She turns to a hotel room that was slightly open and enters inside. She saw Blitzo all huddle to himself, crying.]
Millie: Are you okay?! What happened?
[Millie checks on Blitzo, but he suddenly pushes her away with his makeup now in a complete mess. He is having a mental breakdown after experiencing whatever he went through.]
Blitzo: No, no, don't touch me! I destroy everything, everyo- I-I make everyone's lives worse.
[Blitzo gets up and moves away to hide behind a bed as Millie tries to comfort her boss.]
Millie: Not mine! Blitzo... Remember how we met?
[Blitzo, confused, glances at Millie.]
Blitzo: What?

[The scene cuts to a flashback when Blitzo meets Millie. Years ago, at a bar, a pair of demons were playing pool as the camera roves to a younger Millie, who used to have longer hair in a ponytail, drinking her beer when a door opens to show a silhouette of Blitzo. He comes over and sits down next to her, tensions are building between them.]
Blitzo: Soooo. You the bitch that took our hit?
Millie: You lookin' for payback?
[Her tail whips behind to grab her knife and spins it before stabbing the counter with Millie showing more attitude and Blitzo's face in the reflection of the knife.]
Millie: If so, you came to the wrong fucking BAR!
[The action begins with Millie jumping backwards in a slow motion before throwing her knife at a normal speed. Blitzo intercepts the knife with his chair, easily impressed with her skills.]
Blitzo: Wo-hoh! Ni-ice shot!
[Blitzo removes the knife with his tail and examines the blade.]
Blitzo: I can see why Moxxie was so impressed with you.
[Blitzo throws the knife away, leaving Millie unarmed, but she snorts like an angry bull and charges right at Blitzo. She delivers multiple punches to Blitzo, but with every punch, Blitzo intercepts it with a chair.]
Blitzo: Hup- oh! Impressive!
[With every punch Millie inflicts, the chair breaks apart until one of the stools hits a demon in the face painfully.]
Millie: Who's that? Your boss? Hah!
[Millie delivers a roundhouse kick to Blitzo, who used the chair to block the kick, but the chair breaks completely, backing him to a table with only two stools in his hand.]
Blitzo: HA he fucking wishes.
[Blitzo throws the stools away and thumbs to himself.]
Blitzo: No, I work for myself, lady.
[Millie attacks Blitzo again, but he uses the table, grabbing the pole with his table and throws it at Millie. She punches right through, destroying the table as the occupants fled from the fight.]
Blitzo: Nice one!
[Blitzo grabs one of the fleeing bystanders and throws him over to Millie, but she punches him out cold and chased after Blitzo to the counter.]
Millie: Bullshit! Who sent you?
[The fight scene takes to the counter as they hop on. Blitzo grabs one of the demons playing pool and throws her to Millie, but she catches and throws her to the bartender. Millie ejects spikes from her boots to stomp over his balls.]
Millie: Who are you working for?!
[Blitzo dodges one of her stomps and gets off of the counter.]
Blitzo: What? You don't believe me?
[Infuriated, Millie digs through her ponytail and brings out a second knife she keeps somewhere to stab Blitzo.]
Millie: Imps don't work for themselves, asshole.
[As Millie tries to stab Blitzo, he caught her wrist and twirls around to smack her against the wall, disarming her knife, and holding her with his elbows.]
Blitzo: Well this one does, and he's very interested in having you join his team.
[Millie believes it to be nonsense and back-wall flips over Blitzo, freeing herself before landing behind. When Blitzo turns around, Millie punches his face hard enough to make his nose bleed.]
Millie: You think you have anything to offer me?
[Blitzo seemes to be handling the fight well, making him wipe his nose and smirks with interest. In return, Millie smirks with satisfication as if she's enjoying the fight. She attacks Blitzo, but he easily intercepts her punches.]
Blitzo: Double whatever you're getting paid now!
[Blitzo grabs Millie by the leg with his tail and spins her to throw the demon over to the wall, laughing victoriously, but Millie lands on the wall with ease. She then picks out the throwing darts stuck on the board.]
Millie: I'm between jobs.
[Millie throws the darts over to Blitzo, but he jumps to the left just as the bartender recovers, only for the demon to be struck with multiple darts, possibly killing him. Millie throws more darts and Blitzo, who hops around dodge over one and lands on the pool table when Millie has no more darts.]
Blitzo: (laughing) This powerhouse? How'd that happen?
Millie: Not exactly a shortage of imp assassins in Wrath. Reputation is everything.
Blitzo: And what's your reputation, hmm?
[Millie was insulted and climbs on the pool table to fight Blitzo. She takes one of the cue sticks and tries to hit Blitzo, but he flips over Millie and knees her. Millie blocks the attack, but the cue stick was split in half. She dual wields the broken pieces and stabs Blitzo, who dodges her attacks. He tries kicking Millie, but she ducks below and then backhand springs over to kick Blitzo. He ducks away and moves to the other side to get the drop on Millie, but she moves to the right. Blitzo grabs hold of the pool table and flips to the left, causing them to fall out of balance, but they flipped over and stands back up.]
[Millie, seeing how skilled Blitzo is as a fighter, comes to question the demon.]
Millie: Who the fuck are you?
Blitzo: Someone with an eye for potential. Now you wanna keep working for peanuts, or do you want to shake things up?
[Blitzo offers his hand to Millie that he wants her in his team. Millie was going to accept it, but wanting to see if he's serious, reaches a knife from her back pocket and throws it right at Blitzo. The knife misses Blitzo by centimeters and lands on the wall, but Blitzo was unfazed by the throw, even when his cheek was cut and bleeding. Millie, impressed, chuckles and comes over to him.]
Millie: You're fucking weird. I'm in.
[With that, Millie shakes his hand to accept the offer. With the deal settled, they started walking out of the bar.]
Millie: So who's that Moxxie guy you mentioned?
Blitzo: Oh, your new coworker. Yeah, you- you'll fucking hate him.
[As they close the door behind them, the bar was a complete mess with many demons knocked out by their brawl with tables and chairs broken.]
[Another flashback scene cuts to when Millie meets the whole gang. She hops and flips on the rooftop to meet Loona, who had pink and grey highlights, and Moxxie, who was completely flustered when he sees Millie for the first time, frozen and sweating nervously as he shakes her hand. Millie walks past him, who faints from love at first sight, to Blitzo giving her the signature axe. The office building, which will become the I.M.P headquarters, is in lease, and Blitzo takes it.]
Millie: (voiceover) That year I spent getting to know your rag tag team and making our mark in the assassin game. It was fun.
[The scene cuts to the office room of where they will be working in with the name of the company: I.M.P Headquarters, painted on the door.]
Blitzo: Welcome to I.M.P.
[Blitzo opens the door, revealing the office to be still in the works with boxes not opened yet, wallpapers still in need of remodeling, and the hole on the ceiling that needs to get patched. The imps were amazed that they have their own building.]
Millie: *gasps* Holy shit!
[Moxxie, astonished and excited, turns to Blitzo.]
Moxxie: Sir, what is this?
[Blitzo takes out Stolas' Grimoire to show them the one thing they'll need for the job.]
Blitzo: This baby right here is our future, 'kay? So I figured we deserve an upgrade, right? New office, new clients, new ring. Go on, check it out!
[As Moxxie and Loona follows inside to see the new office, Blitzo notices Millie not entering due to her hesitance.]
Blitzo: What, not nice enough for you? I did the fucking best I could.
Millie: We... heh. We don't deserve this.
Blitzo: Huh?
Millie: We're just Wrathians, Blitzo. Muscle. It's all we're good for, all I'm good for. It's why you hired me. Any demon good at making a buck is welcome in Lust or Greed, but here? Demons like us ain't cut out for this.
[Blitzo, offended, cusses out at Millie.]
Blitzo: Ummm, fuck you.
Millie: (confused) What?
Blitzo: Millie, I have spent too much of my time, energy, and holes into setting this up for us to entertain your bullshit. I brought you into this company for a reason, okay? You're tougher, smarter, and frankly more capable than anyone I've ever met in any ring. *places hand on her shoulder before thumbing to himself* And I'm more fuckable and business savvy than any succu-bitch alive, (adorable face) Loonie's perfect, and Moxxie's...
[Blitzo paused when he notices that Moxxie was staring at the eels with such enthusiasm, which creeps Blitzo out.]
Blitzo: ...Probably got some good traits too and I'm sure we'll figure them out eventually. *turning back to Millie* The point is, if we can't make it here then- then no one deserves to, right? 'Kay, so stop killing my buzz, and come on, I wanna show you my office!
[The scene cuts to Millie at her apartment gazing upon the office building with happiness. Then, a montage scene shows a flashback of the good times she's ever had with the gang. From the time when Blitzo pulls and grenade and attacks someone on the rooftop before the grenade explodes, killing their target, and splattering blood all over them. Moxxie facepalms, but Millie was unfazed, but happy. One time, they were climbing up the skyscraper: The other time they were hunting a client in the outback when Millie points at someone and Blitzo just randomly shoots at it for no reason. A time when Blitzo drives his van with Millie riding on top holding an axe before jumping up with laughter and decapitating a human target.]
Millie: (voiceover) Most of my life I bought into the idea that all I could ever be was a simple farm girl. Or best an underpaid goon. Until I met some knucklehead who never gave a fuck about what anyone else said he could or couldn't be.
[Millie looks at Blitzo, Moxxie and Loona. Blitzo shoves Moxxie aide and hugs Millie, laughing beside her.]
Millie: (voiceover) He made me believe he could be anything. And that made me feel like I could be anything, too.
[The flashback scene ends with Millie and Blitzo at the present.]
Millie: He gave me so much...A career, a husband, a future. And now...He's my best friend.
Blitzo: You... you don't hate me?
Millie: Naw, never.
[Blitzo, touched by her words, comes over and sits on the bed next to her. Millie gives him back the skull button, which made Blitzo tear up before taking it and putting back to his shirt. As Millie talks more, Blitzo takes her hand and Millie leans over to Blitzo.]
Millie: Look. What I said earlier, you've just always been so unbothered by everything. Almost bulletproof and, I guess I never realized how much I depended on that. I didn't know how to react to you being reduced to...Bethany. But I should've respected you like you always do for me. I'm sorry.
[Blitzo realizes what Millie meant, and he knows she is right. He has never been so depressed to revert to something so stupid and takes off the wig and hat.]
Blitzo: Better?
Millie: Much.
Blitzo: Good.
[Millie is finally glad Blitzo is over with his depression and starts getting back to business.]
Millie: Now *hops off the bed* you ready to finish this thing?
Blitzo: Yeah! (pause) But we still don't even know what this thing is!
[As Blitzo leaves the room, Millie rolls her eyes in annoyance and comes to answer how someone killed the client when there wasn't any ghost involved or existed.]
Millie: Come on, Blitzo.
[Blitzo and Millie exit the hotel room back into the hallway.]
Millie: What's the only thing you know that comes to Earth and fucks with people's minds that badly.
Blitzo: I don't know, it's something that like an infestor demon would do-ohhh.
[Blitzo then realizes the only real logical explanation for the hallucination and all these paranormal phenomena the humans believe in.]
Millie: Bingo!
[Just then, they heard a creepy spooky voice echoing in the hallways.]
Rolando: So-ho. Figured it out, have you?
[Blitzo and Millie turn to the source, getting ready to fight whomever they're facing. At the end of the hallways, Rolando appears before them with a evil grin. The lights flicker once before Rolando disappears from the scene. The lights then goes out as Rolando comes up in a jumpscare.]
Rolando: A bit out of your depth, aren't you little ones?
[Rolando retreats into the darkness with his form slowly revealing himself to be more demonic with his eyes glowing and teeth showing in the dark.]
[The lightbulbs break, and more break as the shadow force comes to destroy them, heading toward Millie and Blitzo. They run away when the shadows starts to come close with Rolando's shadow figure chasing after them. Rolando's evil laughter echoes as he comes closer to the demons, and more ectoplams slime races behind them.]
Blitzo: Damn our tiny fucking legs!
[With each light breaking, Rolando's shadow figure comes popping every time, and then,]
Rolando: You know my secret, I guess you gotta die like all the reeest!
[Rolando's shadow grabs hold of Blitzo's shadow leg, making him fall. Millie turns and tries to help, but Rolando grabs her and throws Millie aside. As Blitzo recovers, an invisible force picks him up and throws the demon over to the wall, crashing him through several hotel rooms before landing near the pool. Blitzo grunts and coughs as he sees Rolando in his true form: a tall, spindly, fish-themed eel demon with shades of teal and green, silvery fins, yellow eyes with no irises or pupils, and a mouth full of sharp teeth.]
[Rolando crawls through the hole and confronts Blitzo.]
Rolando: Oh, this is fun! *laughs*
[Rolando stomps Blitzo in the face, holding him down to kill him. Before he can, Millie suddenly appears and kicks Rolando hard enough to break a hole in the wall.]
Blitzo: Atta girl, Mils!
[However, Rolando escapes and is in the pool. He props himself out, angered by the demon girl.]
Rolando: No thatta, bitch!
[Rolando leaps over, but Millie dodges him. Two against one, Rolando attacks Millie and Blitzo. Despite being two to one, Rolando is easily overpowering them with him kneeing Blitzo before kicking him down. When Millie tries to punch him, Rolando backflips and kicks Millie down too. He tries to stomp Blitzo, but he dodges leaving only crator. Millie kicks at Rolando but he caught her and Blitzo, throwing them over to the pool.]
[Underwater, Rolando has a huge advantage as he swims through and tackles Millie in the pool before thrashing her around. He then grabs Blitzo and then surfaces with him smacking both Blitzo and Millie on the ground. Seeing how pathetic they are, Rolando laughs as he walks back. Millie and Blitzo recover, but they're exhausted.]
Rolando: *laughing* You call yourselves assassins!
[Rolando then destroys all the lights in the ceiling, and then knocks Millie and Blitzo down with his powers. The lights sparked above as Rolando then decides to choose which demon he can get into.]
Rolando: Eenie, meenie, miny...mo.
[Rolando levitates and then zooms right into Blitzo's head, knocking him out with an electrical shock before the scene cuts to black.]

[The scene fixes itself to reveal that Blitzo is chained to a movie theater chair. He struggles to get out of the chains when Rolando emerges from his body and sadistically licks his neck.]
Rolando: Welcome to the show, asshole.
[Rolando exits out of Blitzo and swirls around in his goo form before reemerging at the back seat behind Blitzo. The movie camera from the back turns on to start playing a memory movie.]
Rolando: I hear this one's a real titillator.
[A countdown appears on the screen prior to the movie starting to play before showing the first scene of when Blitzo's carnival was set on fire. It was from Blitzo's POV where he tried to enter the fire to find his mother, only to see what remains was her necklace, and then it switches to Blitzo's father, Cash Buckzo, hitting him for starting the fire. The more Blitzo sees this, the more he starts to tear up, struggling to break out of his chains before the movie shows him the aftermath of the fire where Fizzarolli is in a hospital bed with Cash in the picture and then shows a memory from when Blitzo was at Ozzie's Lounge during the Ozzie's, showing him Fizz and Verosika Mayday mocking him. The scene then switches to the happy couple moments between Moxxie and Millie, showing how envious he is for them.]
[Rolando, wanting to see Blitzo suffer more, uses his powers to summon more chains to tie up Blitzo's horns up, and then holds his eyes open to force him to keep watching everything from Loona's anger towards him to memories of Stolas from The Full Moon to Apology Tour that led to their end of their partnership until the scene cuts back to Millie.]
[In reality, Millie went to check on the unconscious Blitzo.]
Millie: Blitzo!
[Back in Blitzo's mindscape, Rolando was ticked that Millie will stop him from possessing Blitzo, and thought of an idea of getting rid of her.]
Rolando: Looks like someone's trying to ruin our good time.
[Rolando then flies over to get closer to the screen where Millie is present. He glances over to Blitzo with delight.]
Rolando: That was a nice heart to heart y'all had earlier. Be a shame if you went and ruined it like you always do.
[Ronaldo cackles as he disappears into the flood of goo and smoke that start to fill up the auditorium. Blitzo struggles to break free as the smoke comes closer to him, suffocating his lungs until the smoke completely takes over.]
[Back to reality, Blitzo's eyes opened, only to reveal that the imp is already possessed by Rolando with the same color eyes.]
Millie: Are you oka-AHH!
[Ronaldo punches Millie right in the face, sending her flying backwards to a support beam. Millie looks up and sees that Blitzo is now possessed, and he props himself up with bone cracking.]
Rolando-possessed Blitzo: Oh the filthy little Wrathian wants to help!
[Millie then ducks away as the Rolando-possessed Blitzo headbutts her, but he hits the support beam instead.]
Rolando-possessed Blitzo: You can't help anyone, you're just the muscle remember? It's all you and your imp kind are good for, you said it yourself.
[Millie does not seem like she cares for his word play, already been through that plenty of times. The Rolando-possessed Blitzo then attacks Millie with stabs, but she blocks them every time.]
Rolando-possessed Blitzo: I'm in his mind, bitch, I see everything. *grabs Millie with his tail and knocks her down* Every thought, every opinion, and boy- *roundhouse kicks Millie's legs, causing her to fall* does he have some nasty shit to say about you.
[With a maniacal laughter, Rolando-possessed Blitzo headbutts Millie to knock her back before grabbing her wrist and throws her across the pool to the other side.]
[Blitzo, watching the whole thing, begs Rolando to stop hurting Millie.]
Blitzo: No, STOP!
[Rolando reappears before Blitzo again.]
Rolando: Your level of insecurity is intoxicating. I can't wait to see how you taste when you drive away the one person left who puts up with your bullshit.
[Back to the fight, the Rolando-possessed Blitzo jumps into the pool before resurfacing in front of Millie.]
Rolando-possessed Blitzo: He thinks you're a brute! *crashes Millie to a support beam*
[Rolando-possessed Blitzo leaps over and twists himself around the support beam to double-kick Millie.]
Rolando-possessed Blitzo: Too stupid to do anything but kill!
[Rolando tries to axe-kick Millie, jumping up to kick her, but he misses.]
Rolando-possessed Blitzo: You never should've left the farm!
Rolando-possessed Blitzo: You're nothing but a backwards, *punch* filthy, *punch* inbred, *punch* lowborn, fucking hick! *punch*
[Rolando-possessed Blitzo throws a final punch using his powers as a booster, but then, Millie intercepts his fist with ease, unfazed by any of his words. Suddenly, Millie chuckles with amusement. Now that the Rolando-possessed Blitzo is done with his stupid monologue, it's her turn to give him a beating.]
Millie: Ya done?
Rolando-possessed Blitzo: Excuse me?
[Millie kicks his legs to make him fall, and then grabs his wrist before twist to pin the Rolando-possessed Blitzo down holding both arms and stomping him to the ground.]
Rolando-possessed Blitzo: Nobody cares about you or what you want, they're too caught up in their own misery to even remember you exist.
Millie: Now look here, combover. You may think you know everything, but you missed two. One: your words don't mean shit to me, and two: Blitzo can handle this!
[As payback, Millie punches the Rolando-possessed Blitzo in the face, meaning that whatever pain Blitzo feels, it's inflicted onto Rolando too.]
Millie: So buckle up, buttercup!
[With that, Millie throws the Rolando-possessed Blitzo over to the wall and starts beating the living dead shit out of the Rolando-possessed Blitzo. With every blow she lands, Rolando can feel it when he's possessing Blitzo, and beats him up more until he's swollen from the face with bruises and a black-eye. Millie then grabs the Rolando-possessed Blitzo and throws him over her shoulder before delivering an upward kick to the chin, sending him flying over until he lands at the edge of the pool with his head halfway to the water.]
[Rolando cannot take it anymore and vomits himself out of Blitzo's mouth into the pool. Blitzo blinks, now back in full control, as his eyes revert back to normal.]
Blitzo: Ugh, good work Mils.
[Millie does not hear him, and punches him right in the eye, making him grunt in pain.]
Blitzo: OH-HO! AH FUCK, IT'S ME!
[Millie realizes that Blitzo is back to normal.]
Millie: Oh! Shit, sorry! *chuckles* Good to have you back, boss.
[Rolando then crawls back up to the deck, beaten up by Millie.]
Rolando: You little ass plugs are done for. You're dead, Bethany!
[Blitzo, angered by Rolando for tormenting him with all the awful memories, gets on his feet and walks toward him, grabbing the vacuum from the ground.]
Blitzo: Well that's where you're wrong. I ain't Bethany Ghost-Fucker. Tonight I'm Blitzo DEMON-DICKER!
[As payback for possessing him, Blitzo swings the vacuum across and smacks Rolando in the face to send him into the pool. Rolando recovers after noticing that the swing didn't even hurt him much, and gestures "What the fuck?" to the imps because the pool is his advantage.]
[Blitzo then realized he still has a vacuum in his hand, and simply drops it before kicking it into the pool. The vacuum short-circuits, causing electricity crackling through the waters. Rolando realized that he's still in the water, but it was too late. The electrical currents shocks him painfully. Rolando screams in agony as he was electrocuted to death. His yellow-framed visors breaks, and his eyes exploded with the goo of his blood from his eye sockets. His screams turns distorted as Rolando was killed by the electric pool. His scream dies off, and his body sinks into the pool.]
Blitzo: And THAT'S how you get GHOST-FUCKED!!
[With the job finally done, Millie turns to Blitzo.]
Millie: Let's go home.
Blitzo: Yeah, fuck hotels.
[Blitzo kicks the double doors, and the imps leave the electrified pool.]

[With their mission accomplished, Millie and Blitzo can finally return home. The morning sun rises over them as they are trying to unbury the van and push it to get it going. They didn't realize that one of the bones was stuck in the rear wheel, jamming their van.]
Blitzo: So I'm your best friend, huh?
Millie: What do you think?
Blitzo: I think...I- I've never had a real friend that I didn't wanna fuck.
Millie: That mean you're not gonna try to be our third anymore?
Blitzo: No.
[Blitzo climbs up on his van and looks down.]
Blitzo: Not anymore.
[Millie climbs up to join him.]
Millie: The bird got to you that bad, huh?
Blitzo: I guess.
Millie: Sooo, you gonna keep stalking us all the time?
Blitzo: Well you know, your husband is still a little fuckable.
Millie: Yeah, he is. I hope he's doing okay.
[The camera then pans up into a transition back to the office in Hell.]

[The transition cuts back to Moxxie making another horrendous math calculation. He was focusing on the paper that he realized he finally solved the math equation to their financial problems.]
Moxxie: I did it? I did it!
[Moxxie grabs the paper with happiness that made him cry in joy. He was having a supposedly happiest moment that the background turned all heavenly.]
Moxxie: (sobbing) I finally figured it out!
[The moment is cut short when Loona comes over to check over the work. Surprisingly, Loona is smart enough to even know complex mathematics despite her cynical and choleric attitude and points at the paper to reveal one mistake.]
Loona: You uh...You forgot to carry the two there.
[Moxxie looks back to check, and Loona was right; he did forget to carry the 2 to the equation, which means Moxxie will have to start all over again. Moxxie snaps and goes into a complete mental breakdown. He drops the paper and then douses everything in the office from the table to the papers with gasoline to light it and possible the entire building on fire now that I.M.P is going to be bankrupt.]
[Loona rolls her eyes in annoyance and picks up Moxxie before he can do any more damage. She places Moxxie in front of a television wrapped in a blanket and a bowl of ice cream on him to calm him down. Moxxie focuses on the tv showing the porn movie: Ghost Fuckers. The title was in a horror theme genre.]
TV Narrator: Now back to Ghost Fuckers, *second title card revealed in a dramatic theme* The Musicaaaal!
[Turns out, this version is called "Ghost Fuckers: The Musical" which is a part of the "Ghost Fucker" porn movie series but it's a musical theme subgenre.]
[Moxxie gasps in excitement that it's a musical, and then the episode ends with a song from the musical playing over the credits.]

