This is a transcribed copy of "Oops". Feel free to edit or add to this page, as long as the information comes directly from the episode.

[The episode begins with a wideshot of Asmodeus' palace, in which we then see his bedroom. Fizzarolli and Asmodeus are sleeping together in the same bed. A cuckoo clock featuring a rooster with an erected penis goes off, which wakes up Fizzarolli under the covers]
[He punches the clock and stretches his arms out to the kitchen, scaring a laundry succubus wearing an apron and matching black lingerie and knee-high boots, destroying a chandelier, and pours himself some coffee. But, he burns himself so he takes the whole pot back, passing the same laundry woman from before, making her twirl in place, and sets it on a desk. He stretches out and grabs one of his hats, and stretches. Fizzarolli grabs the coffee and drinks it, before putting it away and stretching himself above Asmodeus.]
Fizzarolli: Rise and shine, Ozzie!
[Fizzarolli shakes an airhorn and blows it, startling Asmodeus, who lays back down.]
Fizzarolli: Huehahahahaha!
Asmodeus: *groans* Ugh, again with the horn?
[He turns in bed, covering his head with his pillow.]
Fizzarolli: Don't blame me, blame how fuckin' fun they are!
[He blows the horn again.]
Fizzarolli: M'kay, SO; Today you have a meeting with the distributor about the new shipment of vvvibrators. Then you gotta host a safety meeting because of what happened with the old shipment of vvvibrators. And then, you have a nooner with Prince Stolas.
[As he speaks, Asmodeus gets out of bed and puts on his robe.]
Asmodeus: *sighs* You scheduled me during lunch?
Fizzarolli: Well, you're pretty good at "squeezing things in".
[As he speaks he squeezes the robe in, eyeing Asmodeus' butt, before stretching onto his shoulder.]
Fizzarolli: But I left time for a big ol' breakfast!
Asmodeus: Lemme guess, I'm handling that too?
Fizzarolli: I mean, unless you want me to take a crack at cooking again?
Asmodeus: Ahahahahaha- NO. Never again.
Fizzarolli: Whaaat? Maybe I could burn the milk this time!
Asmodeus: Stoooop...~
Fizzarolli: OH! You know what I'm craving? Burgers!
Asmodeus: No! It's too early for burgers, ya maniac!
Fizzarolli: Burger time! Burger time! BURGEE TIME!
[The two laugh together.]
[In the kitchen, while Asmodeus hums, making breakfast, Fizzarolli opens up a newspaper. An article reads- "King of Ozz-A HYPOCRITE?!" Fizzarolli nervously crumples the paper, stuffs it into a trash bin, then proceeds to throw the entire bin out of a window but falls over, catching Asmodeus' attention. Fizzarolli quickly makes an attractive pose, which Asmodeus grins to it. The said trash can hits someone on the street. Asmodeus opens the door to the refrigerator, which lacks milk.]
Fizzarolli: Yeah, yeah, I know, I can pick up some more while I'm out today.
Asmodeus: About that... (Gives Fizzarolli his breakfast) You're still going to that contest rehearsal? Without me?
Fizzarolli: Well, y-you have a packed day today, and I know you aren't big on the whole Mammon thing. So...
Asmodeus: It's the Greed Ring. One of the cities is literally called "Ransom".
Fizzarolli: Ah! You worry too much. You know I ain't afraid of ropes. 'Sides, I'm slippery~.
Asmodeus: I mean, only after I...
Fizzarolli: (mouth full) What?
Asmodeus: What? (Asmodeus blushes a bit)
Fizzarolli: Come on, Oz! I can be on my own one day!
Asmodeus: But you haven't been to the Greed Ring alone since becoming Mam's big brand figure.
Fizzarolli: Yeah, I guess, but it's not like I'm gonna stick around!
Asmodeus: I can get you an escort.
Fizzarolli: Augh! I can handle it! C'mon, Big Daddy. PWEEEEASE?
[Fizzarolli pulls puppy eyes on Asmodeus.]
Asmodeus: *snorts and laughs* Well, you know I can't say no to a face that cute.
Fizzarolli: Mhm! That's why I use it.
Asmodeus: Just try to stay out of trouble, Fizzy-frog.
Fizzarolli: Ahh, stop it!
Asmodeus: Noooo~!
[Asmodeus picks Fizzarolli up in a tight squeeze, laughing. A small succubus walks into the room holding a stack of boxes.]
Succubus Employee: Ozz, I have the new shipment of-
[She stops as she sees the two. Asmodeus and Fizzarolli stare at the worker wide-eyed.]
Fizzarolli: Ya mind? Trying to have an unemotional bang sesh here!
Asmodeus: Yeah! Cuz we're so NOT in love!
Fizzarolli: Yeah! Love. Is. STUPID!
[The succubus sets the boxes down and walks out of the room, staring oddly at the two before closing the door.]
Fizzarolli: Whew! That was close, huh?
Asmodeus: *sighs* Just come right back when it's over, and keep your phone on ya, okay?
Fizzarolli: Got it riiight here! *stretches and grabs his phone* Be riiight back after! Don't worry, Ozz! I'll be super low-key. Nobody will notice me.
[Fizzarolli sips his cup of coffee, while Asmodeus facepalms in doubt.]

[We immediately transition to the Greed Ring, where Fizzarolli runs over a cup in a glamorous limo. He steps out onto purple carpet, while speakers and confetti blasters shaped like dildos pop out of the car. The confetti sprays over everyone, while one demon brushes it off, and another demon chokes to death on one of them. Fizzarolli walks off and his hell dogs, called quieves, come out the car and start to feast on the corpse. Fizzarolli claps and whistles to get the quieves' attention to get going. They arrive and spiral around Fizz, spinning him as he laughs. Roller skates come out of his shoes as he blasts off.]
Fizzarolli: Whoa! Girls, girls!
[Fizz laughs and rolls around the block with his quieves, skating at top speed, knocking over demons and hitting a trash can. His visor's built-in wipers clean all the garbage off them.]
Fizzarolli: Man, it's great not being in the spotlight for once!
[All of the demons glare at Fizzarolli. While he is skating, Blitzo is currently getting kicked out of a coffee shop by a Hellhound.]
Blitzo: Look lady, it's not MY fault if you only know how to make coffee that tastes like piss!
[Fizzarolli becomes shocked, and hits the brakes on his skates, while Blitzo stammers in fear.]
Blitzo: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, WHOA! (covers his face)
Fizzarolli: Oh, wow. Lookee who it is.
Blitzo: Oh, fuck... You again...
Fizzarolli: Stalkin' me now, huh?
Blitzo: Oh, don't fuckin' flatter yourself, clown. I have my own life, y'know, without YOU in it.
Fizzarolli: Uh huh, sure! Blitzo.
Blitz: The "O" is silent now, bitch! And gee whiz, we've been in each other's relative vicinity TWICE, in the last FIFTEEN YEARS! That would make me, THE SHITTIEST STALKER IN HISTORY!
[Fizzarolli pets his quieves.]
Fizzarolli: Twice... IS ALREADY WAY TOO MUCH.
[Fizzarolli shoves Blitzo out of he way and walks off. Blitzo dusts himself off and glares at Fizz.]
Blitzo: Yeah, well at least I'm still actually working for my shit. And not getting everything handed to me like some pampered attention whore!
[Blitzo has struck a nerve in Fizzarolli as he growls in anger. He calms down when his albino queef rubs against him and hands him a bone. Fizzarolli moves the bone to show the leash, with gold lettering saying "From Ozzie with ??".]
Fizzarolli: Yeah, well... Guess that's what resilience and talent gets ya. (chuckles) Plus, my horns were always bigger than yours. Weren't they?
[It grows silent for a bit, while Blitzo stands in anger. Before Fizzarolli walks away, Blitzo charges at him and they start to get into a street fight. The screen shifts upward to find a skyscraper-like building where Striker and Crimson unknowingly reside.]
Crimson: So, you say you're good? 'Cuz we really need a big score right now.
Striker: The best, had a royal on the ropes just last week.
[Alessio pours him a glass of wine, while he follows up Striker's response.]
Crimson: Sure, but not dead?
Striker: It was... called off. But I have a body count in the hundreds! I ain't afraid to go after anyone. Women, kids-
[Striker's speech is interrupted by one of Fizzarolli's quieves getting launched into the window outside.]
Striker: And cute little-faced puppy-lookin' things. Don't matter!
[Striker then catches onto the fact that some drama is going on outside. He walks over to the window to see the problem while listening to Crimson's judging.]
Crimson: Hmm... I'll tell ya what. If you can deliver something of value... I'll consider it.
Striker: (smirking) One moment...
[Striker opens the window and pulls out his lasso. He ropes the root of the problem, Fizzarolli and Blitzo, into the room and slams them against the wall, laughing sinisterly.]
Crimson: Hired! (laughs)
Striker: Funny to run into ya again, "Blitzy!"
[Striker pulls out his knife and slides toward Fizzarolli, pointing it under the chin.]
Striker: And with a famous friend...
Blitzo: Oh, fuck me.
Fizzarolli: For the record, we are not friends.

[The scene cuts to Asmodeus' factory just below his palace, where they manufacture things for Ozzie's, and for general Lust Ring products. Currently, they are creating a new toy to test for the new vibrator shipment. An imp flies away with a box containing the test vibrator, while we pass some painter imps working on dildos. A transition can show two more imps fighting with dildos on the job, while we now pass to a different imp carrying the same test vibrator.]
Asmodeus: Larger, you can never be too large, (laughs) you can never be too large.
[We see a conveyor belt passing the test vibrator onto a hazmat-suited imp, who flies away to return the final product to Asmodeus.]
Asmodeus: Hm... smaller, smaller. Get this spot right there, and that's good! I like... ooh, I like that, that's good, mhm!
[Asmodeus now has the test vibrator in hand, before handing it back to the hazmat-suited imp, then looks over a blueprint to see if there's anything else needing to be modified. Two succubi then put the vibrator into the test chamber to see the results. After everyone puts on safety goggles, Asmodeus gives the thumbs up and they turn on the vibrator. The vibrator shakes violently and explodes, leaving everyone scorched, and the project is a failure.]
[Asmodeus groans, sitting alone at his desk, missing Fizzarolli when he looks at a painting of them together. Lightning strikes, as Fizzarolli's eyes strangely glow blue. Asmodeus is startled, both by the lightning, and his watch, signaling an alarm for his noon meeting with Stolas. We then cut to Stolas sitting on a couch in the waiting room, until Asmodeus finally opens his doors.]
Asmodeus: Stolas! Hey there, birdy babe. Haven't seen you since you crashed my club, how you been? *giggles* Still gettin' yo' kink on with that feisty imp?
Stolas: Aha. Well, um, that's actually what I'm here about. You see, I, um... seem to have found myself with... feelings for him. And I'm not sure if it's a mutual thing.
[Asmodeus grows unamused, assuming he's looking for something to immorally force Blitzo to love him.]
Asmodeus: Well, I can tell ya, if you're looking for a love potion, you came to the wrong fucking guy. I don't fuck with that artificial bullshit! Lust shouldn't be about force... It's an ART! To be earned, and enjoyed. It's all about that journey to Pleasure Town... You feel me? (giggles)
[As he speaks he picks up two cereals and/or candies shaped like a penis and lips, and shoves the penis through the lips, demonstrating his point. He takes the penis out of the lips and lifts it to where we can see a flustered Stolas through the mouth.]
Stolas: Oh! No! Never, never that! I just, you see...
[While Stolas is speaking, Asmodeus decides to devour his whole bowl of various sex-shaped cereals/candy.]
Stolas: This imp has a business he runs. He needs to access the mortal realm to carry out his work. I know your demons are some of the only ones who can traverse freely and legally. I was wondering if you could assist me in... finding a way he could too?
[As he speaks, Stolas uses his powers to conjure up Asmodeus' book and places it on the table, the book seen in "The Circus" that mentions Asmodean Crystals, surprising Asmodeus as he finishes his bowl of cereals/candy.]
Asmodeus: *gasps* Oh! Hmmm, Stolas... My heart bleeds for you, but my partner- Uh... Business partner, Fizzarolli, HATES your imp guy. Blitzo, right? Yeah... HAAATES.
[Asmodeus clenches his hand into a fist to demonstrate.]
Stolas: He does? But why?
Asmodeus: Not my story to tell, but trust me. I would help if I could, but I can't. Sorry...
[Asmodeus notices his phone ringing with a notification of a new message from Fizzarolli's contact, listed as "Froggie ??". He smiles and opens the notification, causing the phone to fly across the room in a grand display and project a widescreen version of the message.]
Crimson: Hello, Asmodeus.
[Asmodeus and Stolas grow concerned at the appearance of Crimson, and not Fizzarolli.]
Crimson: You don't know me, but you don't need to. All you need to know is I have your little jester here with me.
[The video shows Striker bringing Fizzarolli to the camera tied up with tape over his mouth. Asmodeus grows enraged at the sight of this and tries to strangely grab the hologram out of anger.]
Crimson: If you want him back alive, you will give me exactly what I want.
Asmodeus: Do you have any idea who you are FUCKING WITH?!
[Asmodeus' feathers glow a vivid neon version of his natural colors before his head bursts into red flames, showing his outrage.]
Stolas: I... think it's a recording.
Crimson: You probably just asked if I know who I'm dealing with. And, oh yes, I know. The weakest and most non-threatening of the Sins. The king who will do whatever it takes to save the worst-kept secret in all of Hell.
[Asmodeus grows embarrassed and turns his head away from the video, with Stolas becoming worried for him and looking concerned.]
Crimson: We both know you won't risk anything happening to the clown. So be a good little bitch boy, and do the thing. My lawyers will be over shortly with the contract of demands. You have until the witching hour to sign it. Hueheheheheheheh! Now, cut. I SAID CUT IT, YA FUCKIN' MORON!
[The phone falls back on the table. The whole room shakes and Asmodeus ignites in rage. Stolas backs away as Asmodeus roars, making the whole room glow with a beam of fire. The transition shows Alessio giving Crimson a lighter to smoke a cigar. He walks off, while a mafia goon throws Fizzarolli in a cage with Blitzo, which Striker is on top of. Fizzarolli stammers in fear, while Blitzo scoots back.]
Blitzo: Oh, chill out, jester. Christ on a stick, it's like you've never been tied up before!
Fizzarolli: Sure, but not by a bunch of psychos! (grunts, falls down) And a piece of shit!
Blitzo: Am I...? Okay, am I the psycho or the piece of shit?
Fizzarolli: Both!
Blitzo: Yeah, that checks.
Fizzarolli: How is this happening?! I was just supposed to grab some gas station milk and rehearse some juggling...!
Blitzo: Oh, relax, I'm sure your big royal chicken ain't gonna let anything happen to his peppy lil' fuckdoll.
[Fizzarolli gets frustrated, and sits up straight to scoot in front of Blitzo.]
Fizzarolli: Ohh, playin' that card, huh? Ok... What about you? Seems your tastes have gotten more... "regal", lately. Heheh...
Blitzo: Yeah, well unlike you, I fuck who I want, when I want. I'm not gonna be tied down to some big blue-blood asshole.
Fizzarolli: You could've fooled me the way Princey was cozying up to you at Ozzie's.
Blitzo: Hey! Stolas only cares about having a rugged peasant raw-dog him into his mattress, it's nothing... y'know...
[Fizzarolli gives him a look, knowing that he's in denial.]
Blitzo: *sighs* It's nothing else...
Fizzarolli: Then why were you even there?
Blitzo: *sweating* OTHER very important reasons, of course!
Fizzarolli: Whatever, I don't actually care.
Blitzo: I mean Stolas is just a loud, thirsty bitch who loves feelin' the thrill of getting dicked by the lower class. It's a novelty to him.
Fizzarolli: ...Literally just said I don't care.
Blitzo: And then, he'll call me to see how my day was! And he'll pretend to care about me, and comment on my photos, and LAUGH AT MY JOKES-
Fizzarolli: (sarcastic) Oh! Well that's "definitely" your clue right there that it's all bullshit.
Blitzo: I KNOW, RIGHT?
[Fizzarolli rolls his eyes, due to Blitzo not getting his obvious sarcasm.]
Blitzo: He's just a fake, privileged asshole!
Fizzarolli: Sounds like you just hate him for bein' a prince. Because no one, and I mean no one pretends to care that much just for a cheap lay.
Blitzo: Point is, royal demons don't give a shit about guys like us. They're all the fuckin' same.
Fizzarolli: That's not...! A-always true... But, I guess you're right. They can't all be the same if some have taste, and some wanna fuck you.
Blitzo: Can we talk about something other than my sex life? Satan's taint, is fucking that Lust guy make this what you're all about now?!
Fizzarolli: YOU brought it up, asshole!
[Striker bangs on their cage.]
Striker: WOULD YOU TWO SHUT THE FUCK UP ALREADY?! Bicker like a couple of teen skanks...
[Striker steps down onto some boxes, then leans towards their cage.]
Striker: As far as I'm concerned, you two are BOTH embarrassments to our kind for meddlin' with blue-bloods to begin with. *sighs* But at least loud-mouth here has the sense to only fuck his rich bitch, instead of bein' a little purse dog.
Blitzo: Oh, great. The fuckin' supremacist is on my side, wonderful.
Fizzarolli: Neither of you filth bags know what you're even talkin' about. If you think you're superior to ANYONE, then you're no better than any royal-
[Striker grows agitated at Fizzarolli's words. Before he can continue, he grabs Fizz by the neck to stop him from talking.]
Striker: DON'T. You. Dare... Finish that sentence, clown...
[Blitzo, fearing about Fizzarolli's safety, attempted to lash out at Striker until-]
Crimson: HEY! Hick-for-hire! I said watch 'em, not fuck 'em. Keep ya hands off the merchandise!
[Striker frowns at Fizzarolli one more time, squeezing his neck before jumping off the cage.]
Fizzarolli: Eaugh! Ever heard of mouthwash?! FUCK FAAAACCCE!

[We cut back to Asmodeus, looking frustrated and tired. He is holding the lawyer's contract for Crimson's ransom.]
Asmodeus: *groans* Can I just sign it already? Like, can we move this along?
[Crimson's lawyer shrugs, and gives him a pen. Stolas suspects that the lawyer being fine with this could mean something's off.]
Stolas: Sire, you need to know the contents of this contract, you can't just sign it. A deal made with a Sin like yourself would be everlastingly binding... Perhaps I can look it over, I'm a fast reader. (mumbles through contract) Oh! Hmmm... This is a contract giving Crimson all of Ozzie's factory assets. And, giving him permission to use Fizzarolli's head for a wall decoration.
[Asmodeus grows outraged and rips the contract out of Stolas' hands.]
Asmodeus: WAIT, WHAT?!
Greed Lawyer: Juuuust making sure you're paying attention! (nervous laugh) Here's the real contract.
[Crimson's lawyer retrieves a stack of papers and shoves them forward on the desk.]
Stolas: *claps* Oohoohoohoo! This will be fun! I love words!
[Asmodeus becomes angry, and burns the fake contract.]

[Fizzarolli struggles to escape his imprisonment, while Blitzo just watches it all happen.]
Blitzo: Ya know? You're really bad at this.
[Fizzarolli grunts, and falls down again.]
Fizzarolli: Hmmm, ya know? Last time I checked, I was a FUCKING JESTER, NOT an escape arti-
[Fizz's struggling gets him zapped due to rubbing his arms together in his wrap. He shoots up, his head slams the cage, leaving an indent, and he falls back down.]
Fizzarolli: *sniffles* I just wanna go home...
Blitzo: Hmm... You want me to get you out?
Fizzarolli: *whimpering* Y-y-yes...
[Blitzo smiles as he stands up, raising his foot to extract a knife from under his shoe.]
Fizzarolli: (angered) You had a knife this whole time?!
[Blitzo cuts the ropes off himself, then grabs Fizzarolli by the shoulder, startling him, with the knife pointed in his direction. Fizz whimpers, thinking he's going to stab him, but Blitzo actually cuts the tape off him, freeing his arms. He tosses him the knife.]
Blitzo: Now stop bitchin' while I work this.
[From below, Blitzo observes his surroundings; an imp on a forklift, goons playing on a pool table, a muscular imp stacking a card tower, and a few more demons lounging - from there, he spots the cage's remote control.]
Blitzo: Ahhh, bingo!
Fizzarolli: So what now, genius?
Blitzo: *points down* See that remote?
Fizzarolli: I mean, I could stretch down there...
Blitzo: No, no... I have a better idea.
[Blitzo shakes the cage, causing some boxes to fall. This creates a domino effect, as the boxes collapse nearby a few demons, throwing his beer mug in the air. As the muscular imp finishes his card tower, the rest of the demons cheer, but the moment is quickly ruined as the beer mug knocks it all down; causing the muscular imp, in a fit of rage, to pull out a gun and shoot nearly everywhere and everyone.]
Mafia Imp: Keep it down! I'm shootin' 8-ball ova here!
Forklift Imp: The fuck's goin' on?
[As the gunfire continues, the imp on the forklift gets shot, causing the truck to spin out of control, knocking everything in its way.]
Mafia Imp: SHUT THE FUCK UP-
[He notices the forklift approaching him.]
Mafia Imp: Oh, fuck me...
[The forklift knocks him in the air in slow motion with a few pool balls in motion, while Fizzarolli and Blitzo are observing the whole situation, with Blitzo enjoying popcorn. Amidst the explosion, the white cue ball lands on the scaffolding and rolls closer to the far end of the warehouse. Blitzo, with a drink, shifts Fizzarolli's head to see where this goes, with the cue ball making a stop, right above the remote. As it falls over, it hits the "DOWN" button-but nothing seems to happen.]
Fizzarolli: Well... That didn't w-
[At the last second, the cage containing Blitzo and Fizzarolli immediately drops down and collapses. As the smoke subsides, Fizzarolli coughs while Blitzo dusts himself off while smirking, knowing his plan to free themselves had worked. Fizzarolli just flips him off.]
Fizzarolli: Show off...
[Suddenly, Crimson and his goons come in upon hearing the commotion. Crimson lifts up a cucumber slice to see Blitzo and Fizzarolli have freed themselves and caused a mess in the process.]
Crimson: THE FUCK?! GET THEM!
[One of the goons fire a net gun at Fizzarolli, but Blitzo pushes him out of the way. He grabs his hand to escape from the rapid gunfire. Blitzo spots a nearby gun and fires back. While Fizzarolli makes a run for it, two of the goons push down some boxes to prevent him from escaping, causing him to run back where he came from. As a bigger demon approaches him, he throws a juggling stick, and blowing an airhorn. But he still gets caught, then throws a banana peel, but no one slips on it.]
Fizzarolli: Augh, this usually works! (struggling to break free) Goddammit!
[One of the Mafia Imps approach him, about to hit him with a cane.]
Fizzarolli: FUCK!
[Before he can get hit, Fizzarolli manages to slip away, as the bigger demon gets hit instead. Fizzarolli then bumps back to Blitzo.]
Blitzo: What the fuck, Fizz?! How is someone this flexible, this useless in combat?!
[Blitzo dodges every one of the mafia's attacks with Fizzarolli beneath him.]
Fizzarolli: I'm a performer! I sing, I dance, I promote products that I don't actually use... I don't do danger!
[With a few of the demons out for the count, Blitzo and Fizzarolli make a run for it.]
Blitzo: Well good to know you're still a wimpy circus puss.
[The two climb up a ladder while Blitzo quickly shoots a mafia member aiming for them.]
Fizzarolli: *growls* I'd give you a comeback, but that'd imply I give a shit what you think.
[Fizz turns away from Blitzo on the ladder and nearly falls over before Blitzo pulls him up.]
Blitzo: You always cared what I thought!
Fizzarolli: *chuckles* After what you did to me?
Blitzo: I didn't do anything! It was an accident!
Fizzarolli: AN ACCIDENT?! ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!
[Cut to a flashback showing a younger Fizzarolli on a circus ball, while balancing spinning plates on sticks.]
Fizzarolli: (offscreen) You always had it out for me, because people liked me better!
[A younger Blitzo looks from the side of the tent with jealousy. Cut to a similar scene, but with the two as teenagers, where Cash Buckzo hands teen Fizzarolli a birthday card, with the front reading, "Wish you were my son".]
Fizzarolli: You wanted me gone, because you were jealous! Just wanting the spotlight!
[Teen Fizzarolli looks over to Blizo with a smile as he waves to him, but teen Blizto glares at him with envy and hatred as he turns his back on him with the curtains flapping at his wake. Suddenly, the curtains ignite with green fire.]
Fizzarolli: *still offscreen* I looked up to you, I thought you were my best friend...
[The fire spreads quickly as the other circus performers including Cash Buckzo scream and run for the nearest exits while Teen Fizzarolli is knocked to the ground and quickly scrambles away to escape from the advancing fire.]
Fizzarolli: YOU RUINED MY LIFE!
[Scene cuts to a brief moment of a box full of fireworks mislabeled "FIYAWOIKS" and Teen Fizzarolli opening a flap in hopes of a way to escape from the burning tent, but he's instead met with the fireworks. With no time to react, the fireworks explode before Fizzarolli's eyes and the whole circus burst into flames with his clown nose flying towards the screen.]
Fizzarolli: And then you just left me...
[Once Fizzarolli's clown nose heads to the camera, transition to show a mangled and nearly lifeless Fizzarolli dragging his bloody body desperately towards Teen Blitzo who was standing in front of him with his right hand covering the right side of his face after the explosion.]
Fizzarolli: I lost so much because of you.
[Next the two shots show Fizzarolli's broken horns disintegrating and chipping off, the camera turning to focus on Fizzarolli's eye watering with pain and desperation as a silhouette of Teen Blitzo in his pupil turns his back on Fizzarolli.]
Fizzarolli: And you selfish piece of shit...
[Teen Fizzarolli stretches his hand out desperately for help from his brother-in-arms while the flesh melts off his still burning and bleeding arm, showing his bones.]
Fizzarolli: YOU DIDN'T EVEN CARE!
[Shows the next scene through Fizzarolli's eyes as he watches Blitzo run the opposite direction away from Fizzarolli towards another blazing tent while Fizzarolli slowly closed his eyes.]
Blitzo: I DID CARE!
[Now cutting to the present day with Blitzo turning around to face Fizzarolli with tears in his eyes, Fizzarolli appears mildly taken aback at Blitzo's revelation.]
Blitzo: It WAS an accident! IT WAS!
[One of Crimson's henchmen climbs up from a nearby aisle with his gun pointed at the two Imps direction, Fizzarolli reacts quickly and grabs Blitzo as his robotic limbs extended to avoid the numerous bullets the henchman was shooting at them then Fizzarolli swings himself and Blitzo under one of the shelves just as another henchman crawled up next to his comrade.]
Blitzo: Ok, you're right, it was all my fault, ok?
[The two taking a breath while taking cover behind some boxes.]
Blitzo: I... I should've done more to help, I was... I was TRYING.
[Fizzarolli slowly grows less agitated as he listens on to Blitzo's explanations]
Blitzo: There was so much going on... I was trying to get help, Fizz! I just...
[He looks down with sorrowful sigh.]
Blitzo: It was still my fault...
[Fizzarolli still gives him a look of disapproval.]
Fizzarolli: Glad you could admit it. Want a medal?
Blitzo: Look, I'm sorry, Fizz...
[A brief flashback jumping back to the past but this time from Blitzo's perspective as he turned away from brother-in-arms and gazed down at a letter with a rose in his hand which was meant for Fizzarolli, marching off with angry tears as Blitzo shoves aside an imp with a birthday cake, causing him to drop the cake and set aflame to the circus tents.]
Blitzo: I am so sorry you got so hurt...
[Teen Blitzo throws the letter to the ground aggressively while the imp that was holding the cake attempts to put out the flames as the camera shifts to the right to set on a trio of purple, green and pink hellhorses chilling on the other side, before the fire startles the green one, causing it to shriek and making the other spooked horses flee.]
Blitzo: I'm sorry for what you lost, and I... I know I can never make it right.
[The scene soon settles on chaotic mayhem with imps running and screaming for safety as Blitzo looks around in a state of shock in front of the SAME tent that Fizzarolli was in that the fireworks exploded. The impact causes him several burning scars, covering his right eye.]
Blitzo: But you have no idea what I lost in that fire...
[When directing his fellow circus performers, Blitzo turns over to one specific tent that was entirely engulfed in flames, he shows pure fear on his face as he rushes over to the tent and the scene cuts to a photo of him and Barbie Wire hugging their mother as the fire burns up the photo and now shows the present day.]
Blitzo: I mean it's... it's all my fault. I'd hate me too. (shedding a tear)
[Fizzarolli looks up at Blitzo with a sorrowful expression, but Blitzo quickly wipes away the tear before Fizz can acknowledge it.]
Blitzo: I mean, I do hate- SHIIIIIIIIIIT!
[A goon appears out of nowhere and holds Blitzo in a headlock with a smug grin but it's short-lived (literally) as Blitz pulls the gun under his captor's chin and blow off his head offscreen, with Fizzarolli witnessing it happen and the two imps put their heads back into the game as the duo scampered through the shelf hurriedly.]
Fizzarolli: So, why didn't you try to tell me any of this? Or come see me? Even once would've been fine!
Blitzo: I tried... You were all I had left, Fizz. But they told me you didn't want to see me.
Fizzarolli: I never told them that!
Blitzo: Bullshit... You didn't?
Fizzarolli: No! And no one told me you came!
[Eventually, they both share a look of realization.]
Both: Oooohhh...
[A goon climbs up the ladder and attempts to attack Blitzo and Fizzarolli. Blitzo uses his gun to blow up the goon's head.]
Blitzo: (panicked) WAAAOOOHHH, CHRIST ON A STICK!
[Two other demons walk up to the dead demon on the floor below them.]
Fizzarolli: TRYING TO HAVE A FUCKIN' EMOTIONAL MOMENT, HERE!

[It cuts back to Stolas and Asmodeus still talking with Crimson's lawyer about the contract. Asmodeus looks at his watch as time flies by, not looking very happy. Stolas is pacing around the room holding the contract and lecturing.]
Stolas: Okay, so! I believe this draft allows for some factory ownership, specifically located in the Greed Ring... With allocated funds going to your client for the foreseeable future... While ensuring the safe return of one "Fizzarolli".
[Stolas slams the contract on the table and glares, sliding it towards the lawyer.]
Greed Lawyer: Yeah sure, sounds good... Now lemme just re-read thissssssuh.
[The lawyer reads the contract and drinks out of his coffee mug which says "Live Laugh Law". At this point, Asmodeus is getting impatient.]
Asmodeus: HURRY UP!
Greed Lawyer: (smugly) Yelling won't make me read faster.
[Asmodeus starts turning red as his anger and flames grow hotter. Stolas, whose cape gets burned by the flames, quickly stomps them out.]

[It cuts back to Blitzo and Fizzarolli. Fizzarolli throws a goon far, and he was back-to-back with Blitzo. Goons were running at them both.]
Fizzarolli: Look! Misunderstanding or no, it's hard to just forgive you.
[Fizzarolli grabs Blitzo and pulls him closer to the goons as Blitzo kills them.]
Fizzarolli: It's been fifteen years and... That's so much time... But!
[Fizzarolli continues to fling Blitzo around as Blitzo continues shooting goons.]
Fizzarolli: I guess you didn't really ruin my life.
Blitzo: What, you're telling me getting blown up didn't ruin your life?
Fizzarolli: It was painful... *hits a goon with Blitzo* and challenging, and y'know *puts Blitzo down* FUCK YOU STILL, BUT... It's not like I'm broken. And I now have someone who understands me and...
Fizzarolli: HYAH, HYAH, FUCK YOU!
[Fizzarolli and Blitzo fight more goons before landing to the ground.]
Fizzarolli: My life has actually been pretty great.
Blitzo: Yeah, that's lovely. You got a good thing going with that horny rooster fucker, don't ya?
Fizzarolli: Oh yeah, it's been... *blushes* Fantastic... (flustered) UH, CUZ YOU KNOW, IT'S A GREAT GIG! And, hehe, and he's got the BIGGEST COCK! You know? LIKE *stretches arms to form shape of testicles* MASSIVE! I mean imagine, like *stretches arms to sides* THE BIGGEST! JUST A *makes arms into circle* GIANT, HUGE, LIKE A KAIJU! But it's a cock, ya know what I mean? LIKE A BIG MONSTER! It's BIG, *motions handjob with hands* it's HUGE-
Blitzo: Yeah yeah yeah, I get it, I get it! *puts hand on his shoulder* I'm happy for ya, Fizz.
[Fizzarolli looks at Blitzo's hand on his shoulder and smiles at him, until the goons start to slowly corner them. Striker pushes them aside and walks forward.]
Crimson: If ya wanna prove yourself, cowboy, here's your chance!
[Striker grins and walks towards them.]
Striker: You been a pain in my ass long enough, Blitz.
[Striker's eyes glow menacingly.]
Striker: NOW, I'm gon' break you like a FUCKIN' HORSE!
[He grabs his rope and pulls it. Fizzarolli looks concerned.]
Blitzo: Ohhhh, don't you dare talk sexy to ME.
Fizzarolli: You're still on the horse thing?!
[Striker laughs as he, Crimson, and the goons corner them more.]
Blitzo: Fizz! Remember how you used to distract my dad so I could steal his booze?
Fizzarolli: I mean, yeah? Why?
Blitzo: Yeah well, I need to get up to that window there to bust us out.
[Blitzo points at the window as Striker continues to uncannily and slowly corner them.]
Fizzarolli: Ohohooo! One distraction, comin' up!
[Fizzarolli makes everyone besides Blitzo look at him as the music to "Look At This!" begins.]

Fizzarolli: ? When I was a young boy, I never thought it comes to this. ?
[He gets up and is in between three goons, looking at both of them with his arms around them both. At the next line, Fizzarolli grabs onto Crimson.]
Fizzarolli: ? The scars all seem to heal... ?
[He goes somewhere else and grabs onto it with his flexible arms.]
Fizzarolli: ? And soon all I feel is regret. ?
[He climbs on top of it.]
Fizzarolli: ? And noooow, I'm a grown man. ?
[He slides on the floor in front of the goons, Striker, and Crimson.]
Fizzarolli: ? I've lost it all again! ?
[He climbs on the boxes, which in this case is his one of many "stages"]
Fizzarolli: ? But what I'll miss the most... ?
[Blitzo climbs on a box and throws small things of trash like banana peels and candy wrappers, which is being used as confetti, over Fizzarolli.]
Fizzarolli: ? Pay close attention, while you get a look at... this! ?
[Fizzarolli takes out Blitzo's keychain with a golden unicorn figurine on it. Blitzo then sneaks around as Fizzarolli gets out a treasure map.]
Fizzaroli: ? Yeah, look at this! ?
[Fizzarolli notices Blitzo and stretches to above the mob and turns the heads of two of them in the direction opposite of Blitzo.]
Fizzarolli: ? Then look at THAT! ?
[Fizzarolli then gets out a funny looking hat and puts it on his head.]
Fizzarolli: ? And here's a hat! ?
[Fizzarolli takes the hat off and twirls while in the background Blitzo scoots across.]
Fizzarolli: ? This nonsense mostly doesn't mean a thiiiing! ?
[Striker begins to turn his head but Fizzrolli stretches his hand out to him and turns him back to him.]
Fizzarolli: ? But, listen closely, maybe it explains EVERYTHING! ?
[Fizzarolli rolls down a projector screen that first shows an Illuminati sign, then an add for Bitcoin. A computer screen with his silhouette then passes as Fizzarolli then does the Squidward interpretive dance.]
Fizzarolli: ?The secret to Bitcoin! Computers and microchips! ?
[He stretches towards one of the mafia members and gives him a gold coin, making his eyes sparkle.]
Fizzarolli: ? The key to the future! ?
[Fizzarolli leaps in between the members before landing in between Striker and Crimson.]
Fizzarolli: ? If you only LOOK AT THIS! ?
[Fizzarolli gives Striker and Crimson two gold coins. Striker looks at his blankly whilst Crimson bites into his to see if it's legit.]
Fizzarolli: ? Riches untold, you'll have dollars of gold! ?
[Fizzarolli stretches up to see Blitzo create a tower of cardboard boxes to the window.]
Fizzarolli: ? If you focus on me, as the story unfolds! ?
[The screen becomes distorted before revealing Fizzarolli's face in front of the screen.]
Fizzarolli: ? LOOK AT THIS! ?
[Fizzarolli leaps to the mafia gang's left and holds up the Necronomicon.]
Fizzarolli: ? I hold the key to the mystery!?
[Fizzarolli uses his limbs to constrict the whole gang like a snake.]
Fizzarolli: ? LOOK AT THIS!?
[Fizzarolli stretches into Crimson's face, random colors appear in Fizzarolli's eyes before going into Crimson's]
Fizzarolli: ? Look at nothing except for ME! ?
[Fizzarolli releases the mafia gang, whilst making them spin rapidly in place.]
Fizzarolli: ? LOOK AT THIS! ?
[Fizzarolli holds a flashlight up to his face making rabid sounds, as his shadow becomes a massive beast.]
[unintelligible growling.]
Fizzarolli: That was GIBBERISH!
[Fizzarolli sits on a pile of boxes while still holding the flashlight.]
Fizzarolli: BLITZO, HURRY THE FUCK UP!
[Fizzarolli leaps atop of a massive case study and looks to Blitzo who is trying to open the window with a blowtorch.]
Fizzarolli: ? I don't know how long I can do thiiiis! ?
Blitzo: I'm gonna need another sixty seconds!
Fizzarolli: AW, FUCK!
[Fizzarolli stands up as the goons look up to him.]
Fizzarolli: ? Okay, the thing I'm trying to say, I will say if you look this waaaaaayyy... ?
[He points them all to a large corner of boxes, where a hellspider spins its web. Fizzarolli grows anxious, his armpits sweating, and wiping his forehead with a string of hankies as he thinks of something.]
Fizzarolli: Uh, y-ya know, it's-it's uh... Just as-a Nonna (Grandma) Fizzarolli used to say...
[Fizzarolli leaps down, grabbing a wig and fluffy boa as he proceeds to sing in crude Italian.]
Fizzarolli: ? Puzza lasagna ? (Stink lasagna)
[Crimson, being fluent in Italian, is disgusted by what Fizzarolli is saying. The reptilian goon becomes lovestruck over Fizzarolli singing in Italian.]
Fizzarolli: ? Contorni, limoncello ? (Side dish, limoncello)
[Fizzarolli walks passed Crimson and Striker. The former has his hands up and does a "are you kidding" gesture as he looks to Striker, who is equally as confused.]
Fizzarolli: ? Forte, piano ? (Loud, soft)
[Fizzarolli stretches his arms and pulls Crimson in as he puts his boa around Crimson's neck.]
Fizzarolli: ? Buongiorno, alle vongole ? (Good morning, with clams)
[Blitzo tries to break the window with the blowtorch, but he drops it and it falls to the ground.]
Fizzarolli: ? Luigi, Firenze, bucatini ? (Luigi, Florence, bucatini)
[Fizzarolli sheds his wig as he sings atop a pile of boxes, some of the mafia goons (including Alessio, who has a tear in his eye while still unfazed) cry at his Italian, clearly not knowing what they mean while Striker and Crimson look annoyed and astonished at Fizzarolli's crude singing.]
Fizzarolli: ? Cingale~ ? (Wild boar~)
[Blitzo looks to a box across from him labeled dynamite and grabs a stick.]
Fizzarolli: ? Cingale~ ? (Wild boar~)
[Blitzo smirks as he shoves the dynamite into the window. At the same time, Fizzarolli gets out a cake and shoves his face into it.]
Fizzarolli: ? Soooooo, look at... THIS! ?
[Fizzarolli stretches up to Striker with a bouquet of flowers that spray at him, while earth pigeons fly out of his sleeve.]
Fizzarolli: ? PLEASE LOOK AT THIS! ?
[Fizzarolli grows more and more upset, as he grabs Striker by the collar and holds his hands on his head as Blitzo walks the columns above him carrying a push trigger.]
Fizzarolli: ? I am running out of places I can take this bit! ?
[Fizzarolli juggles while balancing plates atop of sticks]
Fizzarolli: ? So, look at this! LOOK AT MY FACE! ?
[Fizzarolli stretches up to them revealing smudged makeup, making everyone back away. Fizzarolli cries as he is atop a stack of boxes.]
Fizzarolli: ? I regret every event that got me in this place! ?
[Blitzo throws a stick of dynamite at Fizzarolli, which not only he notices, but the mafia goons who look up to Blitzo, who flips them off, causing them to draw their guns.]
Fizzarolli: ? This little song is driving me insane!?
[The gang fire at Blitzo, which Fizzarolli notices.]
Fizzarolli: ? My exhaustion is audible! ?
[Fizzarolli winds up his left arm into a spring before punching Striker in the face.]
Fizzarolli: ? Now, the ending is probable! ?
[Blitzo pushes down the trigger, and the window explodes into a massive escapable hole.]
Fizzarolli: ? CUZ' THIS RUSE IS IMPOSSIBLE to maintain! ?
[Fizzarolli stretches up, allowing Blitzo to leap onto his back.]
Fizzarolli: ? So, fuckiiin'... ?
[Fizzarolli leans back, and slingshots forward into the hole with Blitzo riding on his back, with the mafia gang watching.]
Fizzarolli: ? BYE-BYEEE! ?
[Fizzarolli and Blitzo flip everyone else off as they head out. As that happens, the whole building starts caving in. Striker stands there wide-eyed in shock, one of the goons puts his hat to his chest, and Alessio puts his hand in front of a visibly confused yet surprised Crimson as the entire warehouse collapses on top of them all, and catches fire. Outside, Fizzarolli and Blitzo run free, laughing as well. They both stop, panting.]
Fizzarolli: You know, you're actually pretty good at this action-hero bullshit!
Blitzo: And you really know how to put on a show! (Gasping) Which is almost as impressive as the thing you said I was good at!
[Fizzarolli laughs, then stops when they both find a broken truck. They both give each other a smirk. Blitzo breaks the window as they both head over to the truck and jury rig it. Blitzo climbs over the front of the car and opens the door for Fizzarolli.]
Blitzo: I guess, royal jesters first?
[Fizzarolli bites his lip a little while looking away and somewhat covering his mouth before heading into the passenger's seat until he is dragged away by a rope abruptly. Blitzo screams and looks out the window. He hears Fizzarolli screaming. Blitzo gets on the roof of the car and points a gun at them.]
Blitzo: Get... Your... FUCKING shit-stain claws off him!
[The smoke clears to show Striker with Fizzarolli in his arm, laughing manically with his blessed revolver in his other hand.]
Striker: You think I'm just gon' let you get away after all this?
[He spins the revolver in his hand then sticks it in Fizzarolli's cheek.]
Striker: I'm THROUGH losin' these fights! This worthless little pet REEKS of his over-bloated master... I'll at least enjoy gettin' rid of 'im.
[Fizzarolli smiles nervously.]
Fizzarolli: Okay... Is it bad that I'm getting hard?
[Striker digs the revolver deeper (haha, deeper) in Fizzarolli's cheek, as Blitzo looks over at two gasoline cans behind him.]
Striker: SHUT THE FUCK UP! WHY'S IT ALWAYS A SEX THING?!
[Blitzo sweats a little and shoots the gasoline cans, which catches fire. Striker slowly turns away with a scared look and then the gasoline can explodes. Fizzarolli flies, hitting a billboard and falling to the ground surrounded by green flames. Striker frantically rolls around on the ground to put out the flames on him, making distressed critter noises before running off. Blitzo looks at Fizzarolli, who is still surrounded by flames like he was many years ago in the circus fire. He tries to use his robotic limbs to reach a car and swing to safety, but his arms are too damaged and malfunction, sparking as he starts crying.]
Blitzo: FIIIIZZZZZ!
[Blitzo jumps on a barrel and rolls through the yard, jumping and grabbing onto swinging bars and springboarding off cars. He runs across the crane arm and uses his tail to hang onto the crane hook, reaching out for Fizzarolli. They successfully grab hands and get flung in the air. They grab onto each other as they are about to fall until Fizzarolli stretches his robotic arm and grabs onto the crane, making them land safely. Blitzo tries to comprehend on what just happened until Fizzarolli angrily and violently shakes him while yelling.]
Fizzarolli: YOU BLEW ME UP AGAIN, YOU FUCKIN' PRICK!
Blitzo: I did... But this time, I stuck around.
[Fizzarolli moves away from Blitzo, holding his broken arm and frowning, then smiles and wraps him in a hug with his working arm. Blitzo, who wasn't expecting it, hugs him back while crying a bit.]
Blitzo: Wooooould iiit... Fuck up the moment if we made out right now?
[Fizzarolli leans away and glares at him with annoyance, his arm still wrapped around them. Blitzo gives him a nervous but smug smirk.]

[Cut back to Stolas, Asmodeus, and Crimson's lawyer. Stolas is asleep with a contract on his head, snoring like an owl. Contracts litter the table, and Asmodeus is exhausted and pissed. He checks his watch again as the lawyer takes another sip from his coffee, then Asmodeus stands up and slams the table as he has had enough of the lawyer's constant stalling, immediately waking Stolas up.]
Asmodeus: THAT'S IT!
[Asmodeus grabs the lawyer by the shirt as his flames grew higher and his face became redder.]
Asmodeus: I'm going to fucking END YOUR LIFE!
[Suddenly they hear the curtains. they turn to see Fizarrolli enter the scene, panting heavily while clenching his arm.]
Asmodeus: FIZZY!
[Asmodeus shoves the Lawyer into the chair and heads to Fizzarolli, who tears up happily.]
Fizzarolli: OZZIE!
[Asmodeus scoops Fizzarolli up as they twirl around and hug for a moment, before Asmodeus affectionately showers Fizzarolli with kisses. Stolas smiles before noticing the lawyer gathering up all the contract papers before leaving.]
Stolas: Hmm. Get fucked, little one.
[Stolas then leaves. The lawyer then puts his briefcase on the desk trying to fit as many papers into it as he could, even stepping on it to try to close it, but he hears Fizzarolli chuckling before seeing him and Asmodeus standing above him. They smirk to one another before advancing on the shark demon who backs away to the chair as the camera scrolls to the window.]
Lawyer: OH, MY SATAN!

[Lightning strikes as it cuts to outside Asmodeus' office as he leaves with Fizzarolli in his arms, closing the door behind him and leaving demon blood on it.]
Asmodeus: *sighs* I'm so glad you're okay, babe...
[He nuzzles Fizzarolli, then snaps, which causes the lights to turn off.]
Asmodeus: You ain't never leaving the palace without protection, AGAIN.
[Asmodeus walks down the hall with Fizzarolli while doing some romantic but not sexual actions like nuzzling. The succubi give them shocked looks. Fizzarolli blushes from embarrassment.]
Fizzarolli: Oz... You know there's eyes around...
Asmodeus: I know. I don't care. Cuz they know, if they tell anyone, I'll...
[He punches a statue of a nude succubus right in the dick, causing a large crack and large chunks to fall off the statue.]
Asmodeus: BREAK THEM.
[After the succubi hear and see that, they immediately leave the room. Fizz laughs while Asmodeus presses a buttons on the elevator.]
Fizzarolli: Well, don't worry, today I learned that I hate going outside!
[They get on the elevator.]
Asmodeus: You won't have to again.
[Fizzarolli leans against his chest, somewhat frowning and looking down. Their elevator stops as Asmodeus walks forward. The scene then cuts to the workshop as Fizzarolli sits on a table.]
Fizzarolli: I'm sorry... I got a little messy...
[Asmodeus sets down a box and opens it, and gets out a new arm to replace Fizzarolli's broken one.]
Asmodeus: You don't have to apologize for getting banged up, babe! I'm just sorry I couldn't be there...
[Fizzarolli gives a smile.]
Fizzarolli: It's okay, Oz... Guess I'm just not used to this kind of thing.
[Both of them sigh.]
Asmodeus: It's been an intense day. Just take it easy, okay?
Fizzarolli: Oh, it's fine! I'm FINE! REALLY! You know I bounce back fast!
[Fizzarolli giggles but then winces in pain over his broken arm, but still manages a thumbs up.]
Fizzarolli: Soooo... besides my whole scary hostage thing, how was your day?
[Asmodeus sets down a box and grabs some scissors.]
Asmodeus: Well, I was stuck with Stolas the whole time, who, by the way, asked me, to give him one of my crystals, as a gift for that guy you hate! So! I told him... "NO!" Mhmm!
[As Asmodeus cuts the sleeve from Fizzarolli's broken arm, the latter takes a moment to contemplate.]
Fizzarolli: Meh... Fuck it. Let him have it.
Asmodeus: Excuse me?
Fizzarolli: Yeah, why not? You could say... he earned it.
Asmodeus: Alright then... ?Anything for you...?
[The scene shifts to Asmodeus installing Fizzarolli's new robotic arm, which activates as soon as it's attached. Fizzarolli starts stretching and jumping around until he lands in Asmodeus's arms, the latter walking to the door.]
Fizzarolli: Now! I don't know about you, but having a violent brush with crime has given me a whole mess of new kinks! You wanna go... "make a mess?"
Asmodeus: You really think that's a good idea right now, Fizz?
Fizzarolli: Sure, don't you?
Asmodeus: Well... Obviously.
[Fizzarolli laughs as he snuggles with Asmodeus, with the doors closing in on them.]
Fizzarolli: Meow meow, cuddle meow...
(BTW: DON'T WORRY, the Quieves all made it home safe and sound <3)

