This is a transcribed copy of "Mission: Orphan Time". Feel free to edit or add to this page, as long as the information comes directly from the short.

[File lands on desk]
IMP File:

 Target: Frank McTickly Wrigglers AKA "Mr. Wrigglers"
 Location: Hugging Dove Charity
 Description: Freakishly kind and disturbingly charitable.
 Info:
 Runs a public broadcast children's television show.
 Showed me up in highschool.

[The scene changes to a blue sky with birds chirping. A portal opens next to a car, with Blitzo and Loona walking out. They creep up to a building.]
Blitzo: Alright Loony, today we're dealing with a children's "entertainer". Goes by... Mr. Wrigglers. Thought this would be a good one for you and me, and I think you know why.
Loona: Uh, yeah. I hate that sunshine and rainbows shit. These guys always turn out to be sickos. Where are we? His third world sex resort? His slave-cult compound?
[A sign is shown with an inscription "Hugging Dove Charity for Dying Orphans and Injured Puppies".]
Blitzo: I just thought he would be really easy to kill, y'know? And then we could have the whole rest of the day for daddy daughter time!
Loona: Ugh. Fine.
[Loona activates her human disguise.]
Blitzo: Okay, you go on and I'll just sneak in.
[Somewhat fittingly, Blitzo climbs a wall like a lizard, entering the window. Loona enters the building through its front door, then walks into a hallway labelled "Administration". She opens Mr. Wrigglers' door.]
Loona: Holy shit, that was just unlocked.
Mr. Wrigglers: Well, of course! My door's always open to a new friend. Would you happen to be an orphan?
Loona: Wh- Am I a what?
Mr. Wrigglers: An orphan?
Loona: Y-yeah, actually I am. How did you-
Mr. Wrigglers: From the charity event!
Loona: Oh! Uh. Yes.
Mr. Wrigglers: Well isn't that just a wonderful thing that makes you special? What can I do to brighten up your day?
Loona: Yeah, you can cut the Santa Claus shit, I actually came to kill you.
Mr. Wrigglers: Oh, heavens... These Wish-a-Wish things sure have gotten mighty extreme. Well, if that would make you happy, you're more'n welcome. Anything for an orphan.
[Suddenly, Blitzo falls into the room between the two from a vent, screaming.]
Loona: Oh, he's an orphan too, he has... fucking... red-itis.
Mr. Wrigglers: Oh hello there, special friend!
Blitzo: Hiiiii... Loona, what's the- what's the deal here? Were you waiting on me?
Loona: Yeah, I was just about to shoot him. You want to get comfortable, or any last requests?
Mr. Wrigglers: Oh, I- I wouldn't want to be a bother! Given your limited time left on this earth I'd like you to enjoy it.
Loona: *sighs* We might have a sec. What is it?
Mr. Wrigglers: I just wanna say goodbye to my children.
Loona: I think we can swing that.
Blitzo: The red-itis will probably kill me by the- (shocked by Loona accepting Mr. Wrigglers' request) Wait, what?!
Mr. Wrigglers: That's very kind! Thank you.
Blitzo: Loona, what in Satan's sphincter has gotten into you?
Loona: I don't know! Would it really be the worst thing to let a dad spend some time with his kids?
Blitzo: That's what I'm saying, he's being a total dick!
[Blitzo points his finger at Mr. Wrigglers, but then looks at Loona and realises this means a lot to her. Reluctantly, he relented.]
Blitzo: Fine. Just make it quick, you shrivelled nutsack.

[A montage starts with Mr. Wrigglers visiting each of his "children", all of them distraught, while Blitzo and Loona are in the background, disinterested.]
Mr. Wrigglers: You've always been great.
Mr. Wrigglers: We'd go catching frogs in the summer.
Mr. Wrigglers: Take care of your mother for me, I'll be in your dreams.
Mr. Wrigglers: *chuckles* Now don't miss me too much!
Mr. Wrigglers: And when you walk down that aisle, whoever it's with-
[Blitzo falls off a ledge and lands on a car, while Loona gets up to take a picture.]
Mr. Wrigglers: Where are my manners, have you met my new friends? They're about to kill me.
Mr. Wrigglers: I want you to have it.
Mr. Wrigglers: The only letter missing from special... is "U".
[Mr. Wrigglers closes a door.]
Blitzo: Alright, I'm not buying it! There's no way this many women dropped their panties for the guy who teaches the ABC's to puppets.
Mr. Wrigglers: Oh! *laughs* no! No, no- I- I've been happily married for seventy-four years to my very first sweetheart. And I exclusively and regularly perform oral sex on her. She gets more pleasure that way, so I much prefer it to intercourse.
Blitzo: [yelling] Then where the fuck did all these kids come from?!
Mr. Wrigglers: A lot of orphans have trouble getting adopted, so I just adopt those ones myself!
Blitzo: Well isn't that just fuuucking great?! We wasted the whole damn day on this!
Mr. Wrigglers: Oh, what a beautiful sunset. I'd quite like to watch that as I go. Will you join me?
[Loona thinks about it for a minute, then decides to oblige him, with a smile on her face.]

[The scene fades to a sunset with Loona and Mr. Wrigglers sitting on a bench, while Blitzo is leaning on a tree, visibly annoyed, licking a lollipop, then biting into it.]
Mr. Wrigglers: I'm glad I could make a new friend today. I hope I see you again in the great beyond.
Loona: Well, I'll be in Hell so... probably not. Unless there's something I don't know about you, heh.
Mr. Wrigglers: Ah, you know who I am, and I know someday, you'll show the world who you really are.
Loona: I don't think they'd like the real me.
Mr. Wrigglers: I know I would.
[Mr. Wrigglers smiles and closes his eyes. Loona looks at him, also smiles, then drops her disguise and shows her true form. Mr. Wrigglers turns towards her, and she in turn looks him in the eyes.]
Loona: Ta-da!
[After a couple of seconds, Mr. Wrigglers starts screaming in horror.]
Loona: Oh, fuck!
[Startled, Loona accidentally shoots Mr. Wrigglers in his left knee.]
Loona: FUCK!
[Mr. Wrigglers falls down to the ground, grunting in pain. Loona gets up and walks towards him, then he throws sand at her. She accidentally shoots him again, this time in his right ankle. He screams in pain.]
Loona: Did you just pocket sand me?
Mr. Wrigglers: OH, OH, OHHHHH! OH I GOT SHOT! OH IT HURTS! OH MY GOD!!
[Loona (who has tears in her eyes) tried to fire the gun once more to put Mr. Wrigglers out of his misery, but the gun was empty. Blitzo sprints into the scene.]
Mr. Wrigglers: OH MY GOD!!
Blitzo: Don't worry! Daddy will fix this!
[Blitzo starts incessantly pounding Mr. Wrigglers' head with a brick, who is screaming in pain. Blitzo continues pounding until Mr. Wrigglers' head is reduced to a mush. The short ends with Blitzo and Loona staring at each other, covered in blood.]

